HACKERSWritten by

                          Rafael MoreuSEATTLE 1988EXT. FRONT YARD.  DAY.Slow motion. Armed troops in black uniforms pour out of
        unmarked vans and swarm across a lawn in a middle class
        residential neighborhood. Yuppie neighbours look on in
        shock, confused. Two of the troops carry a battering ram
        to the front door of a white two-storey house. A leashed
        Rottweiler snarls and barks. In position, their comrades
        point M-16s into first-floor windows, ready to be
        ambushed. Pan into a window in the kitchen. An
        attractive woman in her thirties is making breakfast.

        Now, in regular motion, the battering ram breaks open the
        front door. The woman, startled, drops her spatula.INT. MURPHY RESIDENCE. DAY.WOMAN(screams)
                    Oough! Ahhh!SECRET SERVICE AGENT(to others)
                    Upstairs.

        Troops pour into the house.WOMANWhat's going on? What's the matter?
                    Who are you?

        The troops, and one or two trenchcoated agents, continue
        entering the house and heading upstairs, still with rifles
        ready.WOMANHey!

        Upstairs, crowded in the narrow hallway, the troops
        descend on a bedroom.WOMAN(off camera)
                    Dade! Dade!AGENTKnock it down.

        The battering ram knocks down a bedroom door.INT. COURTROOM.The prosecutor, a woman of about forty, gives her closing
        argument blandly. She'd rather be somewhere else.PROSECUTORThe defendant, Dade Murphy, who calls
                    himself "Zero Cool", has repeatedly
                    committed criminal acts of a malicious
                    nature. This defendant possesses a
                    superior intelligence, which he uses to a
                    destructive and antisocial end. His
                    computer virus crashed one thousand five
                    hundred and seven computer systems,
                    including Wall Street trading systems,
                    single handedly causing a seven point drop
                    in the New York Stock Market.

        As she speaks, the camera pans across the court, panning
        down and stopping on the defendant: eleven year old Dade
        Murphy.

        Fast forward to the sentencing.JUDGEDade Murphy, I hereby fine your family
                    forty-five thousand dollars...

        The court gasps, Dade's father wincesJUDGE...and sentence you to probation, under
                    which you are forbidden to own or operate
                    a computer or touch tone telephone, until
                    the day of your eighteenth birthday.

        Now Dade winces, in fact we almost expect him to cry.

        Opening credits roll to a backdrop of Dade and his family
        and lawyer fighting through a gaggle of journalists and
        photographers, in slow motion, and driving away.SEVEN YEARS LATER.Aboard a jetliner, Dade Murphy is staring blankly out the
        window, wearing headphones. Exterior view from the
        aircraft of approaching New York City. The view becomes a
        direct overhead of the buildings and streets of the city,
        which then metamorphoses (through animation) into chips
        and digital signals on a stylised computer board. The
        title logo.INT. DADE'S ROOM.Segue to Dade Murphy, now 18, wearing mirrorshades indoors
        and at night, working on his new computer. His mother
        calls him.MRS. MURPHY(off camera)
                    Dade?DADEYeah, mom?MRS. MURPHYWhat are you doing?DADE(after a semi-pregnant pause)
                    I'm taking over a TV network.MRS. MURPHYFinish up, honey, and get to sleep. And happy
                    birthday.INT. OTV STUDIOS.In the OTV Studios security department, a phone rings, a
        man answers nervously.NORMSecurity, uh Norm, Norm speaking.DADENorman? This is Mr. Eddie Vedder, from
                    Accounting. I just had a power surge here at
                    home that wiped out a file I was working on.
                    Listen, I'm in big trouble, do you know
                    anything about computers?NORMUhhmmm... uh gee, uh...DADERight, well my BLT drive on my computer just
                    went AWOL, and I've got this big project due
                    tomorrow for Mr. Kawasaki, and if I don't get
                    it in, he's gonna ask me to commit Hari
                    Kari...NORMUhhh.. ahahaha...DADEYeah, well, you know these Japanese management
                    techniques.
                                (pause)
                    Could you, uh, read me the number on the
                    modem?NORMUhhhmm...DADEIt's a little boxy thing, Norm, with switches
                    on it... lets my computer talk to the one
                    there...NORM212-555-4240.Dade goes to work on OTV. He closes his eyes and a flurry
        of half-second video clips from old TV shows flashes by.
        He opens his eyes. His screen says ENTERING ARPS 331 and
        then wipes to another screen. Automated Record Playback
        System. There is a graphic representation of the
        station's automatic videotape changer. Dade turns on his
        TV set and turns to OTV. It is running a Rush-Limbaugh
        type TV show.COMMENTATOR(on TV)
                    ...so-called American Indians, Latinos and
                    Blacks come from a genetically mediocre
                    stock...DADEYak yak yak. Get a job!

        Dade presses a key on his keyboard. The Video Changer
        diagram lights up in red. At the station, a robotic arm
        selects a videotape from a huge rack of thousands of
        tapes.  The "America First" tape slides out of the VTR and
        is replaced by an episode of "The Outer Limits" as Dade
        watches, drinks Coke and smiles, full of himself.TVYou are about to experience the awe and
                    mystery, which reaches from the inner mind,
                    to... The Outer Limits.DADEYesssss!

        Suddenly, the ARPS screen is replaced by an ominous
        message:U HAVE TREADUPON MY DOMAIN &MUST NOW SUFFERWHO R U?DADEHey! What?

        He starts to type ZERO...DADENo, wait.

        Dade types:CRASH OVERRIDE.WHO WANTS TO KNOW?Dade's screen dissolves into:ACID BURNDADEUnbelievable. A hacker!

        Then the screen changes again:ACID BURNSEZ LEAVE B 4U R EXPUNGED"The Outer Limits" suddenly flashes off.DADEYeah, okay "Acid Burn", that's enough.

        Dade starts hacking. Apparently so does Acid Burn. The
        tape changer machines at OTV are swamped, sometimes
        fighting over the same tape. The program on TV keeps
        changing.

        The message comes up on Dade's computer screen:I WILLSWAT U LIKETHE FLY U RMore dueling tape changers, more half second video clips.
        Another message.I WILLSNAP YOUR BACKLIKE A TOOTHPICKAs the duel continues, Dade types back a taunt of his own:MESS WITH THE BESTDIE LIKE THE RESTOne last from Acid Burn:YOU ARETERMINATEDThen his own computer confirms for him that the connection
        is terminated.DADEShit on me!

        Next morning. Mrs. Murphy is unpacking. Dade emerges
        from his room in a housecoat. He makes a beeline (dodging
        moving boxes) for the fridge.MRS. MURPHYGood morning. You unpack your stuff yet?DADEMm-hmm.MRS. MURPHYUp all night again, huh?DADECan this wait until both my eyes are open,
                    please?

        Dade's mom picks up the phone, mocking a call to the
        building superintendent.MRS. MURPHYCan I cut the electricity to his room so he'll
                    sleep normal hours? He's been playing with
                    his computer all night for a solid week.
                                (pause)
                    Well yes, he could be playing with himself.
                    Mmm hmm. Yes I'll ask. Dade, you like girls,
                    don't you?DADEWell, yeah, I just haven't found one as
                    charming as you yet.MRS. MURPHYYou haven't been doing anything stupid, right,
                    Dade?
                                (louder)
                    Right, Dade?!DADERight, mom. And I'm still a virgin!

        Dade slams the bathroom door. Mrs. Murphy quickly checks
        his room. Dade is showering.MRS. MURPHY(angry, through the bathroom door)
                    You hooked it up to the phone, didn't you?
                    Dade! Turn the shower off! You screw up
                    again and you won't get into college!

        She pauses and regains some of her cool.MRS. MURPHYI'm sorry we had to move in your senior year.
                    I didn't want to sell the house but I had to
                    take this new job, you know that. You're
                    going to love New York, it's the city that
                    never sleeps!EXT. NEW YORK CITY.We enjoy several views of New York, the morning sun
        shining between skyscrapers, neon signs that stay lit day
        and night. Dade emerges from the ground-floor apartment
        on rollerblades and skates down the street to school.INT. HIGH SCHOOL.At school, hundreds of teenagers converse, move around,
        head to class.  Dade looks lost among them. He walks up
        to a skinny latino kid in a faux leopard-skin muscle
        shirt. The kid is on a pay-phone, speaking in Spanish.DADEExcuse me.KIDYo, chill man, I'm talking to Venezuela.DADEYeah, I'm sorry, I was just looking for the
                    principal's office.KIDSorry, I can't help you, okay?

        Now Dade really looks lost. He heads off in search of the
        office.INT. OFFICE.Dade is filling out a form.GIRLDo you have your transfer forms?

        Dade stares at her, stunned. The girl has a decidedly
        unconventional appearance, yet is a first-rate beauty.GIRLIt's a relatively straightforward question.

        Dade notices her lips, and in his imagination launches
        into a flurry of half-second video clips and art bites,
        all involving lips and kissing.GIRLDo you speak English?DADESorry, you wanted...?GIRLI wanted transfer forms.

        He gives them to her.GIRLThank you.

        She starts leaving. He doesn't.GIRLAre you coming?

        Dade clues in, gets up and follows her. She takes him on
        a brief tour.INT. HIGH SCHOOL CORRIDOR.GIRLThe gym is through there, and the cafeteria is
                    through there.DADEGreat. Cool.
                                (pause)
                    What's your name?GIRLKate. Kate Libby.

        They arrive at a classroom.KATEHere's your class.DADEMy... class. You mean I'm not in your class?KATENo, you're not in my class.

        Kate starts away.DADEGive me time!

        A guy in the halls notices Dade.GUYHey, you new?DADEYeah.GUYTell him about the pool, Kate.DADEPool?KATEYeah, there's an Olympic size swimming pool up
                    on the roof. Take the stairs over there.DADEYeah! Sure.

        Kate starts away again.DADEThanks!EXT. SCHOOL ROOFTOP.Dade enters, and lets the door slam behind him. Across the
        roof, a dozen or so geeky looking kids are looking over
        the edge, apparently trying to get someone's attention.
        One of them notices Dade.GEEKHey! Hold the door!

        He's too late. The geeks look pretty angry. There is no pool.

                                Dade
                                (realizing he's been had)
                    No pool.

        Dade tries the door but it's locked. He hammers it with
        his palm, furious. Above, thunder roars and it begins
        raining.INT. SCHOOL CORRIDOR.Dade is soaking wet, and trudges among his classmates
        leaving a muddy trail. A three-second video clip rolls
        through his mind: it is a screaming woman being strangled
        in an old movie. He walks past Kate, who giggles.KATEOh my God! He found the pool.INT. SCHOOL COMPUTER LAB.The kids are all seated at computer workstations. Dade
        is hacking, the latino kid who was on the phone to
        Venezuela is running a demo involving dirty-dancing
        skeletons.TEACHERI'm Mr. Simpson. And I'm subbing for Ms.
                    Bayliss who was arrested at the anti-fur
                    rally. I know some of you kids got computers
                    at home. But these are school property,
                    people, and I don't want to see any gum stuck
                    to 'em. Chapter 1. Designing graphical
                    interface...

        Meanwhile, the latino kid notices that Dade has been
        looking up Kate Libby's school records. And hacking
        himself into her advanced English class.EXT. SCHOOL QUAD.It's after school, kids are heading home, Dade too. The
        latino kid notices Dade and catches up with him.KIDSo, um, what's your interest in Kate Libby,
                    eh? Academic? Purely sexual?DADEHomicidal?KIDWhat's up, man? I'm the Phreak!

        The name rings no bells with Dade.PHREAKThe Phantom Phreak? The king of Nynex? I
                    know you play the game.

        Another kid, younger and a little geeky looking, runs up
        to Dade and The Phantom Phreak.JOEYPhreakphreakphreakphreakphreak,
                    dudedudedudedudedudedude... I gotta...PHREAK(slaps Joey)
                    Joey, Joey...JOEYWhat? whatwhatwhat?PHREAKOne more "dude" out of you and I'm gonna slap
                    the shit outa you, okay? Now I'm trying to
                    save you from yourself but you gotta stop
                    letting your mama dress you, man!
                                (To Dade):
                    Check it...

        Phreak starts to hand Dade a flyer.JOEY(interrupting)
                    I need a handle, man. I don't have an
                    identity until I have a handle.PHREAKYou know, you're right about that.
                                (to Dade)
                    Check it, Friday.

        Phreak hands Dade a flyer for Cyberdelia.JOEYAlright. How about the Master of Disaster,
                    huh?PHREAKYou're hopeless, man, utterly hopeless.

        Phreak walks away.JOEYUltra Laser.
                                (desperate)
                    Doctor Doom!EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREET VILLAGE. NIGHT.Dade rolls in on rollerblades.  Street vendors hawk
        computer parts and bootleg software. A bootleg music
        vendor catches Dade's attention.CEREALCheck this out, each and every one of you.
                    Compilation tape, of my own making. I call
                    this the "Greatest Zooks Album". Featuring
                    artists like, well I got some Hendrix on
                    there, some Joplin, Mama Cass, Belushi... all
                    great artists that asphyxiated on their own
                    vomit!

        The small crowd around him finally gets the joke.CEREALCan't get this in stores, man, I made it!

        Dade wheels into Cyberdelia, which just happens to be
        equipped with a ramp down to its main floor for the
        benefit of skaters. The place pounds with loud, bassy
        techno music and coloured light. Video monitors with
        psychedelic patterns complete the atmopshere. There is a
        video game with a huge screen.  Phreak is at a pay phone.OPERATOR(on phone)
                    Please deposit five dollars for the first
                    minute.

        Phreak holds a small box up to the receiver, presses a
        button, and the box emits a series of tones.OPERATORThank you.PHREAKNonono, thank YOU!

        Dade checks out the scene. Kate is playing the big video
        game. Dade skates up to her. She loses her last man.
        She's got the high score, in fact her name dominates the
        top-10 list.DADEThat's a nice score for a girl.KATE(irritated by Dade's presence)
                    Think you can do better?DADEI'll give it a shot.

        Kate yields the controls to Dade, who begins playing.
        Kate's boyfriend looks on from a mezzanine several feet
        above.CURTISIs this kid bothering you, Kate?DADESorry, can I get some room here?CURTISYeah.
                                (to Kate)
                    Why don't you come up here?

        Kate obliges and joins Curtis.  Dade continues playing.
        He plays brilliantly. The game is a flashy 3-D high-speed
        chase game with lots of surprises. Dade loses, but his
        high score is about to come up.CURTISHe's good!

        Dade's score comes up. He's in the #1 position. Phreak
        is amazed.DADE(to Kate)
                    Well, it looks like I'm on top.

        Kate, defeated, leaves. Curtis follows.PHREAKCongratulations. No one's ever beat her
                    before. You just made an enemy for life.
                                (to someone else)
                    Boy meets world. Let's go?EXT. OUTSIDE CYBERDELIA. NIGHT.Kate and Curtis are sucking face, oblivious to the busy
        world around them. Dade and Phreak watch, more than a
        little disgusted.DADEWho's that?PHREAKCurtis.DADEAnd what's he do?PHREAKThat's it, you're looking at it, he just looks
                    slick all day.

        Kate and Curtis start to take off on Curtis' motorcycle.
        Kate and Dade make eye contact briefly. The motorcycle
        speeds off into the night.INT. DADE'S ROOM.The clock says it's 4:16. As the camera pans up to Dade,
        it changes to 4:17. Dade is hacking again. It's the
        school's administration system. Dade schedules a test of
        the school sprinkler system for 9:30am.INT. HIGH SCHOOL CORRIDIR.Dade stands alone in the hall, watching the time closely.
        Phreak rounds a corner and meets Dade.PHREAKWhat's up?

        Dade doesn't answer. He watches the time a couple of more
        seconds, then opens an umbrella. Immediately the fire
        sprinklers turn on. Phreak starts getting drenched. He
        realizes what is happening.PHREAK(amused and highly impressed)
        Oh my God. You...

        A bell rings and students pour out into the halls by the
        hundreds. They're all being showered on. A tall
        cheerleader bounces by Phreak, pushing her pom-pom in his
        face.PHREAKWay cool!
                                (to Dade)
                    You saw that?

        Dade nods in the affirmative.

        Kate walks up to Dade, also understanding what has
        happened.KATEWhat the hell is going on?DADEPool on the roof must have a leak.

        Kate gives Dade a look that could kill and skulks away.

        Dade walks away under his umbrella, smug and dry.PHREAKMan, oh man, this is gonna be good.INT. HIGH SCHOOL CLASSROOM.Dade, Kate, and a couple of other students are writing on
        the chalkboard. Kate finishes first.KATEIf God gave men brains bigger than dogs',
                    they wouldn't hump womens' legs at cocktail
                    parties.

        The class giggles.KATERuth Libby.TEACHERI'm not so sure your mother qualifies as a
                    significant author of the twentieth century.KATEHer last book sold two million copies.CLASS(almost in unison)
                    Woooooo!

        The teacher reads Dade's quotation.TEACHER"Angel-headed hipsters burning for the ancient
                    heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in
                    the machinery of the night."DADEThat's Ginsburg.TEACHERNice. Very nice.KATEHe's not in this class.DADEI said give me time.KATEHe's not enrolled in this class.TEACHERWell, he's on my list.

        Kate leaps across a desk and snatches the list from the
        teacher. Dade is on it. She gives Dade another filthy
        look, both Dade and the teacher just shrug. The teacher
        moves on to Cereal.TEACHER"Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind
                    the most?"CEREALOzzy Osbourne!TEACHERYou. What is your name?

        The teacher grabs the list back from Kate.CEREALUh, Emmanuel Goldstein, sir?TEACHERYou, however, are not on my list.CEREAL(in mock shock)
                    Whoa, this isn't wood shop class?

        The class cracks up. Kate and Dade exchange looks as the
        teacher escorts Cereal to the door.INT. DADE'S PLACE.MRS. MURPHYHow was school?DADE(eating)
                    Hmmm.MRS. MURPHYWhat did we learn in school today?DADERevenge.MRS. MURPHYAaaah. Did we meet someone special?DADENo. No one special.MRS. MURPHYOkay, I gotta get back to work. I'm gonna be
                    home late.  And would you try and please fill
                    these out?

        She indicates a pile of college applications.MRS. MURPHYOh don't worry, it's only the rest of your
                    life.

        She starts to the door.DADERight. Anything else, you want me to mow the
                    lawn? Oops, forgot. New York. No grass.MRS. MURPHYAnd unpack.

        She leaves. Dade looks over the college applications for
        a second, and pushes them away. He'd rather not do this
        now.INT. CYBERDELIA.Dade, Phreak and Joey are sitting at a table. Joey is
        giving a dull account of his hacking adventures. Enter
        Cereal.CEREALFYI, alright man, you can sit at home, and do
                    like absolutely nothing and...

        Cereal pauses, notices Dade, whom he has never met
        formally but seen around, and then continues.CEREAL...and your name goes through like seventeen
                    computers a day. 1984, yeah right man, that's
                    a typo. Orwell's here and now, he's living
                    large. We have no names, man, no names. We
                    are nameless. Can I score a fry? Thanks.PHREAKMeet Cereal Killer. As in Froot Loops? But
                    he does know things.

        Dade and Cereal acknowledge each other.JOEYAnyways, guys, guys, listen, listen to me.
                    I'm in this computer right? So I'm looking
                    around...PHREAK(to Cereal)
                    D'you bring those Crayola books?CEREALOh yeah, technicolor rainbow.

         Cereal brings a book out of his bag.CEREALGreen one.JOEYWhat is that, what is that? Lemmie see. What
                    are these?DADEInternational Unix Environments.

        Cereal pulls out another book.CEREALLuscious orange?

        Cereal hands the orange book to Phreak.DADEComputer security criteria, DOD standards.

        Another book comes out.DADEThe Pink Shirt Book, Guide to IBM PCs. So
                    called due to the nasty pink shirt the guy
                    wears on the cover.

        Another one.CEREALWhat's that?DADEDevil book. The Unix Bible.

        Another one.CEREALWhat's that?DADEDragon book. Compiler design.

        Cereal brings out a large red book.CEREALOh yeah? What's that?DADEThe Red Book. NSA Trusted Networks.
                    Otherwise known as the Ugly Red Book that
                    won't fit on a shelf.

        By now Phreak has made a pile of the books, and the Red
        Book looks wholly out of place on the top of the pile.JOEYAnyway, anyway, guys guys guys, come on. I'm
                    in this computer, right. So I'm looking
                    around, looking around, you know, throwing
                    commands at it, I don't know where it is or
                    what it does or anything. It's like, it's
                    like choice, it's just beautiful, okay. Like
                    four hours I'm just messing around in there.
                    Finally I figure out, that it's a bank.
                    Right, okay wait, okay, so it's a bank. So, this
                    morning, I look in the paper, some cash
                    machine in like Bumsville Idaho, spits out
                    seven hundred dollars into the middle of the
                    street.CEREALThat's kinda cool.JOEYThat was me. That was me. I did that.DADEYou did this from your house.

        Joey takes a drag from his cigarette and just nods, with a
        big grin on his face.PHREAKWhat are you, stoned or stupid? You don't
                    hack a bank across state lines from your
                    house, you'll get nailed by the FBI. Where
                    are your brains, in your ass? Don't you know
                    anything?CEREALStupid, man. It's universally stupid.JOEYYou guys always think I should know
                    everything, and you never tell me anything.
                    Am I right?PHREAKAlright, what are the three most commonly used
                    passwords?JOEYLove, secret, and uh, sex.  But not in that
                    order, necessarily, right?CEREALYeah but don't forget God. System operators
                    love to use God. It's that whole male ego
                    thing.PHREAKLook, you wanna be elite? You gotta do a
                    righteous hack. None of this accidental shit.CEREALOh yeah, you want a seriously righteous hack,
                    you score one of those Gibsons man. You know,
                    supercomputers they use to like, do physics,
                    and look for oil and stuff?PHREAKAin't no way, man, security's too tight. The
                    big iron?DADEMaybe. But, if I were gonna hack some heavy
                    metal, I'd, uh, work my way back through some
                    low security, and try the back door.CEREALYeah but oh man,
                                (starts rubbing one of his
                                own nipples in mock sexual
                                excitement)
                    wouldn't you just love to get one of those
                    Gibsons, baby? Ooooh!PHREAKYo, who ate all of my fries?

        Cereal pauses a second.CEREAL(pretending to be enraged)
                    Joey?!JOEYWhat, no, nonononono, I didn't touch your
                    fries. I did not touch your fries.PHREAKCereal, man, you owe me a pack.CEREALIt was him, man!PHREAKYou're psyched. You need to lay off of that
                    shit.CEREAL(to Joey)
                    I'm gonna hit you!INT. JOEY'S ROOM. NIGHT.Joey is hacking. A Gibson. He gets in. Using GOD as a
        password. Nice graphics represent the machine's vast
        systems.JOEYYES! Home run, home run. You and me Lucy.
                    We're gonna show em baby.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.A system operator at Ellingson Mineral Corporation, a
        large oil company, notices the intrusion. He gets on the
        phone.INT. PLAGUE'S LOFT.The place is a mess, typical of the hacker bachelor pad.
        Empty chinese food boxes and Jolt Cola cans litter the
        place.

        Plague's phone is ringing, waking him.HAL(on phone)
                    Mr. Belford?PLAGUE(sleepily)
                    My name is the Plague.HALUh, Mr. The Plague, uh, something weird's
                    happening on the net.PLAGUEAs in what, you hapless techno-weenie?HALUh, the accounting subdirectory in the Gibson
                    is working really hard. We got one person
                    online, the workload is enough for like ten
                    users. I think we've got a hacker.INT. JOEY'S ROOM.JOEYOkay, okay, we need proof that we were here.
                    Right, uh...

        Joey starts looking for something to download as proof he
        was there.JOEYYeah, Garbage, okay, give me Garbage.

        He selects a Garbage file and starts the download. His
        screen becomes a psychedelic mind trip.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.The Plague glides in on a skateboard. Short and thin,
        bearded, about 35 but still trying to be a teenage
        anarchist, yet not consciously realizing he sold out that
        ideal years ago.PLAGUENever fear. I is here.HALI've narrowed the activity to terminal 23.PLAGUELet's echo 23, see what's up.

        The huge monitor lights up with the display of the
        Gibson's resources. Hal and the Plague watch. Plague
        starts "surfing" around.PLAGUE"God" wouldn't be up this late.

        He sees what Joey is downloading. A file called
        "Garbage".PLAGUEShit! Get me the switching control center.

        He puts on a telephone headset. Hal dials for him.PLAGUE(into the headset)
                    I need to trace a call that's in progress.INT. JOEY'S ROOM.Joey is sneaking a cigarette while his computer downloads.
        There is a knock at the door. It's his mother.JOEY(whispering)
                    Shit!
                                (loudly, panicked)
                    Uh yeah... hold on, mom. Hold on one second.

        He puts out the cigarette and sprays the room with air
        freshener.JOEY'S MOMI mean it! Open the door, Joseph.JOEYYeah, uh, yeah, okay.

        He unlocks the door. Joey's mom bursts in. He's still
        clambering into bed.JOEYThere you go.JOEY'S MOMBed. Sleep. Now!

        She turns off the computer. It wasn't finished
        downloading.JOEY'S MOMSweet dreams, Joey.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.HALHe's gone!PLAGUEDid you get a trace?OPERATOR(on phone)
                    Yeah, we got him.PLAGUE(smiling)
                    Good.INT. JOEY'S ROOM. DARK.Joey takes a disk out of his computer and stashes it in an
        air vent in the cieling.INT. TENEMENT HALLWAY.Phreak, Dade and Cereal are rollerblading through the
        halls of an apartment building that is filled with
        graffiti. It appears that most of the spray-bomb art was
        created by the residents.CEREALNice place, huh.

        Cereal knocks on a door spray-painted "Hackstock"DADEYou heard of a hacker called Acid Burn? You
                    know who he is?PHREAK(surprised)
                    No, don't know who he is.
                                (to Cereal)
                    Do you?

        Cereal shrugs.

        A hooded black man in his early twenties answers the door.PHREAKNikon! Lord Nikon this is...

        Phreak motions to Dade.DADE(finishing)
                    Crash Override.NIKONNever heard of you. Done anything?DADENo.

        Nikon slams the door.PHREAKCome on!

        Phreak knocks the door again. Nikon opens again.NIKONWhat, your mom buy you a 'Puter for Christmas?
                                (to Phreak)
                    Does he know anything?PHREAKSure man, he's elite.NIKON(pausing, checking Dade out)
                    Come in.CEREALUh... Nikon, can I... can I crash at your
                    place tonight?NIKON(removing his hood)
                    Again?
                                (pauses, then grins broadly)
                    Yeah sure.

        Nikon and Cereal do a fake Kung-fu move together.BOTHOoka-pow!INT. NIKON'S PLACE.Later, the four are watching TV. On TV is a secret
        service agent giving a news interview.GILL(on TV)
                    Hackers penetrate and ravage delicate public
                    and privately owned computer systems,
                    infecting them with viruses, and stealing
                    materials for their own ends. These people,
                    they are terrorists.CEREALAgent Richard Gill, You're hacker enemy number
                    one, man. You're a boner!NIKONYo, showtime, showtime!DADEWhat's going on?ALL BUT DADE(in unison)4...3...2...1...Cheesy music plays. Razor and Blade, androgynous asian
        brothers, have a community access TV show. "Wayne's World"
        in eye liner.RAZORWelcome to our show!BLADEHack the Planet!ALL BUT DADEHack the Planet!RAZORFor those late night hacks...BLADEJolt Cola! The soft drink of the elite
                    hacker.DADEWho are these guys?NIKONThat's Razor and Blade.DADERazor and Blade.

        Now Razor and Blade have a disconnected payphone in their
        studio.RAZORThat's right, this IS a payphone.RAZOR AND BLADE(in unison)
                    Don't ask.BLADEAs you can see, this is just a simple
                    microcassette recorder. (shows the
                    microcassette recorder)  Hook it up to the
                    phone and drop in five bucks in quarters.RAZORRecord the tones that the coins make. And
                    hang up and get your money back!BLADEAnd never again have to pay for a service that
                    would be dirt cheap...RAZOR...IF it weren't run by a bunch of
                    profiteering gluttons!BLADERemember, hacking is more than just a crime.
                    It's a survival trait!INT. JOEY'S PLACE.Joey is taking a shower, wearing walkman headphones,
        singing along with the music. Joey finishes, turns off
        the shower, still singing. He draws open the shower
        curtain to find two secret service agents with shotguns
        pointed at him.SS AGENTFREEZE!JOEYWhat? What? What did I do? What?

        The agents drag Joey, still naked and wet, out of the
        shower and into the living room. His mother is
        hysterical..JOEY'S MOMJoey!AGENTGet in there! Sit down!ANOTHER AGENTStay down there. Don't move.

        Joey is pushed into a sofa. He sees his computer, "Lucy",
        being carried away.JOEYLucy!

        Joey dives onto the agent carrying Lucy away, losing his
        towel.  His mother, seeing his exposed buttocks, is
        shocked.JOEY'S MOMJOEY!!!EXT. OUTSIDE JOEY'S PLACE.A police-type vehicle pulls up. It's Agent Richard Gill
        of the Secret Service.  He stops a young agent for an
        update.GILLHow's it going, Ray?AGENT RAYIt looks good, sir. We've got an uncorrupted
                    hard drive.GILLIn English, please. I didn't spend ten years
                    protecting the president so I could finish my
                    career feeling like an idiot.AGENT RAYI'm sorry, sir. We caught him by surprise, so
                    we don't think he had time to erase his
                    computer files.GILLGood. Good man. Alright, let's finish up
                    here, and take him in for interrogation.AGENT RAYAlright sir.

        They split up.  A reporter and her sound man run up to
        Gill.REPORTERAgent Gill, can you spare a moment of your
                    time?GILLWhy of course, Jennifer.

        While Jennifer conducts the interview, agents lead Joey
        into an unmarked car. His mother is behind him, still
        hysterical.JOEY'S MOMJoey!JOEYMom...JENNIFERJust how dangerous are hackers?GILLWell, hackers penetrate and ravage delicate
                    public and privately owned computer systems,
                    infecting them with viruses...JOEY'S MOMJoey!GILL...and stealing sensitive materials for their
                    own ends. These people, they're terrorists...JOEY'S MOMJoey!INT. ELLINGSON MINERAL CORPORATION.A tall, impressive building. A cavernous atrium filled
        with busy people.INT. ELLINGSON BOARDROOM.A handsome looking woman in her late thirties walks in.MARGOGood morning, Gentlemen. Please be seated. I
                    see we're still dressing in the dark, Eugene.PLAGUE(to Margo)
                    Once again, don't call me Eugene.
                                (to the board)
                    A recent unknown intruder penetrated, using a
                    superuser acount, giving him access to our
                    whole system.MARGOPrecisely what you're paid to prevent.PLAGUESomeone didn't bother reading my carefully
                    prepared memo on commonly used passwords.
                    Now, as I so meticulously pointed out, the for
                    most used passwords are love,
                                (gesturing lewdly)
                    sex, secret and...
                                (eyeing Margo)
                    ...God. So would your holiness care to change
                    her password?

        Margo just blinks prettily.PLAGUEA hacker planted the virus.MARGOVirus?PLAGUEYesterday, the ballast program for a
                    supertanker training model mistakenly thought
                    the vessel was empty, and flooded its tanks.MARGOExcuse me?PLAGUE(as if to a child)
                    The little boat flipped over. A virus planted
                    in the Gibson computer system claimed
                    responsibility.MARGOWhat, it left a note?

        Plague hits a button on a remote control, and the virus -
        a long haired male model - appears on a large screen, in
        psychedelic colors. The virus speaks in a hammy Italian
        accent.VIRUSUnless five million dollars are transferred to
                    the following numbered account in seven days,
                    I will capsize five tankers in the Ellingson
                    fleet.BOARD MEMBERIs that...PLAGUE(interrupting)
                    That is the virus. Leonardo da Vinci. The
                    problem is we have twenty six ships at sea and
                    we don't know which ones are infected.DUKE ELLINGSONWell then, put the ships' ballasts under
                    manual control.PLAGUEThere's no such thing anymore, Duke. These
                    ships are totally computerized. They rely on
                    satellite navigation, which links them to our
                    network, and the virus, wherever they are in
                    the world.MARGOSo what are we supposed to do?PLAGUEWell luckily, you have a gifted and talented
                    security officer. I traced the hacker's call.
                    The secret service picked him up this morning.
                    I'll just search his files for the original
                    virus code, and then I can eliminate it.INT. ELLINGSON MINERAL ATRIUM.Plague, Margo and two suits from the boardroom are riding
        down an escalator.SUIT #1Now look, now we expect you to get onto this
                    right away, yeah?PLAGUEYeah!SUIT #1Well, how soon?PLAGUEWell, we're working on it as fast as we can.
                    This is a very common occurrence in
                    corporations as large as ours. You have
                    nothing to worry about.SUIT #2Yeah, right.SUIT #1Now, you're sure about that, Mr. The Plague?PLAGUEYeah, the Secret Service is helping us out 100
                    percent. Okay?SUIT #2Yeah.SUIT #1Okay.PLAGUEWe'll be in touch. Talk to you later.

        The suits get off the escalator, Plague and Margo take the
        next one down.MARGOWhat the hell was that all about?PLAGUEI had to move fast. The hacker copied my
                    garbage file.MARGOWhat?PLAGUEI created Mister da Vinci so we could call in
                    the Secret Service. So they'd arrest the
                    hacker, sieze his equipment, things that we
                    can't do on our own.MARGOI don't want to go to jail for this.PLAGUERelax. Think about the 25 million dollars.MARGOBut you've created a virus that's going to
                    cause a worldwide ecological disaster, just to
                    arrest some hacker kid?PLAGUEBasically, uhmm, yeah. Mmm hmmm.MARGOJesus. You know, you're sick, Eugene. You...PLAGUESh, sh sh sh sh.

        Plague stops a passing secretary and snatches a piece of
        paper from her hand.PLAGUEI'll take care of this.SECRETARYAlright, sir.PLAGUEI can cancel it any time. I don't need any
                    program code. But it's the perfect cover, to
                    confiscate the disc and find out how much of
                    that garbage file has been copied.MARGOGet it!
                                (walking away)
                    Why did I ever trust you?
                                (going back up the escalator)
                    Get the file. Otherwise you'll lose all your
                    toys.INT. SECRET SERVICE INTERROGATION ROOM.Joey is distraught over the dismantling of Lucy. Agent
        Ray examines the Mac's innards.GILLDid you find the program for the virus on any
                    of the discs we confiscated?PLAGUENo. He's either very smart or very stupid.GILLThen he stashed it somewhere, or he has an
                    accomplice. We'll release him until his
                    indictment, keep tight surveillance, and see
                    if he leads us to your disc.EXT. OUTSIDE JOEY'S PLACE.Joey's apartment building is an L-shaped skyscraper about
        30 storeys high, unimpressive by New York City standards.
        Two Secret Service agents are staking Joey out in a car
        outside.SECRET SERVICE AGENT BOBUnit 3 outside suspect Joey Pardella's
                    apartment. Nothing to report. Suspect still
                    grounded... by his mother.

        His radio crackles.AGENT BOBListen to this bullshit.
                                (he reads)
                    "This is our world now. The world of the
                    electron and the switch, the beauty of the
                    baud. We exist without nationality, skin
                    color, or religious bias. You wage wars,
                    murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us
                    believe it's for our own good, yet we're the
                    criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is
                    that of curiosity. I am a hacker and this is
                    my manifesto." Huh, right, manifesto? "You
                    may stop me, but you can't stop us all."AGENT RAYNow that's cool.AGENT BOBCool?AGENT RAYYeah, cool.AGENT BOBYou think it's cool?AGENT RAY(not caring for where Bob is going
                                with this)
                    It's cool!AGENT BOBIt's not cool. It's commie bullshit!INT. HIGH SCHOOL BOYS' ROOM.Dade, Cereal and Phreak check their faces. Cereal brushes
        his teeth.CEREAL(to Phreak)
                    So what do you think, can I crash at your
                    place tonight?DADEWhat is it with this guy?PHREAKHis parents missed Woodstock and he's been
                    making up for it since. Hey, you hear about
                    Joey's bust?CEREALYeah. Probably had something to do with that
                    bank in Idaho.PHREAKDo you think he could hack a Gibson?DADEDid you talk to him?PHREAKNope. His mom said he's grounded for his next
                    three lifetimes.
                                (imitating her)
                    He isn't to consort with his computer friends.
                                (himself again)
                    The secret service is really out to get him.
                                (changes the subject)
                    Hey there's a big party tonight, you wanna go?

        Dade shakes his head.PHREAKIt's at Kate's...

        Dade just smiles.PHREAKThought so!

        Cereal and Phreak leave, Cereal dancing.INT. PLAGUE'S OFFICE.Plague is wearing a VR helmet and gloves, playing some
        sort of action game. He is unaware that Gill has just
        entered the room.GILLWhat the hell are you doing? Plague!

        He thumps the VR pedestal.GILLPLAGUE!Plague finally notices, and takes off the helmet.PLAGUEGill.GILLI think we've got something.

        Gill hands Plague a folder. It has the logo of Stanton High.PLAGUEUuugh, hard copy.

        Plague looks it over and recognizes a name.PLAGUEDade Murphy.INT. DADE'S PLACE.It's after school. Dade's just unlocking the front door,
        only to find a Secret Service agent behind it.  And one
        behind him in the hallway. Both point pistols at him.AGENT RAYSecret Service!AGENT BOBDon't move!

        They slam Dade against a wall and start frisking him.DADEChrist! What is the...AGENT BOBShut up!DADEWhat are you doing, man? Get off me!

        They lead him into his room and throw him down on the bed.
        Plague is there.AGENT BOBJust sit in the bed and keep your hands where we can see
        them.PLAGUEThe year was 1988.  And this nasty virus
                    crashed fifteen hundred systems in one day.

        Dade has a flashback.DADEFifteen hundred and seven.AGENT RAY(astounded)
                    Wow, huh!GILLIt got you seven years probation. No
                    computer, couldn't even use a touch tone
                    phone.PLAGUEMust have been hell, huh? Zero Cool?
                                (getting to the point)
                    A virus has been planted in the Ellingson
                    Mineral computer system. You were our prime
                    suspect, till we trashed your stuff and found
                    no trace of it.GILLHowever, we have come to believe that one Joey
                    Pardella is involved in this Ellingson virus.
                    He or perhaps his accomplice has a disk that
                    Mr. Belford needs to disable that virus. We
                    want you to help us find it.PLAGUEGill.

        The three secret service agents leave Plague and Dade
        alone.  Plague shuts the door behind them.PLAGUE(of Gill)
                    Loser.
                                (continues)
                    I can't believe you were only eleven when you
                    wrote this. It's quite an impressive virus.
                    Dade, I know how you might feel about narking
                    on your friends, but, we're hackers. For us,
                    there's no such thing as family and friends.
                    We're each our own country, with temporary
                    allies and enemies. I'd like to make a treaty
                    with you.DADEI'm sorry. Who are you?PLAGUEI'm the one who understands you. Now, can we
                    be allies?DADENah. I don't play well with others.

        Plague is holding Dade's baseball bat. He shrugs, turns
        around, and smashes Dade's stereo to smithereens.DADEShit! Come on!PLAGUEWatch which friends you do play with. A
                    record like yours could land you in jail, get
                    you kicked out of school, no colleges would
                    take you. No future. Exiled from everyone and
                    everything you love.

        Plague replaces the baseball bat.PLAGUEI'll be in touch.

        Plague leaves.PLAGUE(to agents)
                    I'm fine.
                                (to Dade)
                    Oh, and Dade, try to stay out of trouble, okay?DADEBlow me.PLAGUE(smiles)
                    Thank you!INT. DADE'S ROOM. LATER.Dade is lying in bed. A door opens. It's Kate. She opens
        her motorcycle jacket, revealing her bare breasts. Dade
        starts to get up, she pushes him back own on the bed and
        starts kissing him passionately. He responds in kind.
        Then, Gill, Agent Ray and Agent Bob burst into the room,
        handcuff him, break the two up and haul them away as
        Plague looks on smugly.

        Then Dade wakes up in a sweat.  It was only a dream. He
        regains his composure.  The sound of New York City at
        night surrounds him. He goes back to sleep.INT. KATE'S PLACE.The party. A large, well-furnished apartment in an
        elegant old skyscraper in the fashionable part of town.
        Teenagers dance and writhe to loud, bassy music. Dade and
        Phreak arrive.PHREAKHer mom makes big bucks writing self-help
                    books for women. Stuff like "Women Who Love
                    Men Who Are Emotional Amoebae"

        Phreak shows Dade the book.DADEThat explains a lot.

        Kate, the lovely and gracious hostess, mingles and greets
        her many guests, not noticing Dade or Phreak. Cereal
        offers Dade a drink from a plastic bottle. Dade, not
        knowing what he's in for, drinks. Nikon is the Deejay.PHREAK(loudly)
                    Yo, what's up Nikon!NIKONYo Phreak! Dade, man, you made it.
                                (to Cereal)
                    Houston, we have liftoff, 3 o'clock,
                    check it... don't look right away, what's
                    wrong with you! Look at her man...

        Nikon and Cereal are checking out a truly fine babe.NIKON(concentrating)
                    Look out, man. Lisa Blair, 26 East 7th St.,
                    apartment 16, 555-4817, BOOM!DADEHow did you know that?NIKONI got photographic memory.
                                (Smiling)
                    It's a curse!
                                (Into the crowd)
                    Lisa!LISAHey, how do you know my name?

        Cereal and Phreak move through the crowd. Cereal notices
        something.CEREALOooo, look at that pooper man. Spandex, it's
                    a privilege, not a right!INT. MEETING HALL.A 12-step recovery group. Addicts, including Joey
        Pardella, sit in a semi-circle.VICKIEHi, my name is Vickie, and I'm an addict.HANKHi, my name is Hank, and uh, I'm an addict.JOEY(smoking)
                    Uh, my name's Joey but, uh, I'm not an addict.

        Joey takes a drag. The group reacts indignantly.JOEYNono, really, really, listen, listen to this.
                    I got in trouble with my computer, right,
                    okay, and my lawyer told the judge that I'm an
                    addict, but I'm not addicted to my computer!
                    No really, really,

        Joey takes another drag.JOEYI'm not an addict. I'm not, I'm not.

        Joey downs his coffee.JOEYCan I get some more coffee?INT. KATE'S BEDROOM.Phreak is checking out Kate's computer.PHREAKYo. Check this out guys, this is insanely
                    great, it's got a 28.8 BPS modem!DADEYeah? Display?CEREALActive matrix, man. A million psychedelic
                    colors. Man, baby, sweet, ooo!NIKONI want it.PHREAKI want it to have my children!CEREALYeah, I bet it looks crispy in the dark.PHREAKYo, hit the lights.

                    Dade hits the lights. The four ooo and ahh at
                    its graphics. Kate and Curtis walk into the
                    room and hit the bed, unaware of the hackers
                    in the corner by her laptop.DADE(whispering)
                    Shit!CEREALShh!DADEWas that her top?PHREAKOne-handed!CEREALDifficulty rating?NIKONSeven. Wow! Burn's wetware matches her
                    software!DADE(loudly)
                    Burn!

        Their cover is blown.NIKONWhat the f...

        Cereal hides under the desk.KATEHey! What are you guys doing in here?PHREAKI'm sorry, we're sorry, just checking out your
                    fly laptop!NIKONYeah, it's hyped, you know... you're in the
                    butter zone now, baby.PHREAK(smiling)
                    Uh-huh!KATE(her tone changing)
                    Yeah, it is...
                                (she comes over to it)
                    I wanna triple the RAM...CURTISOooh, Leopard Boy... AND the Decepticons. Uh,
                    Kate, Kate, you're not going into that
                    computer shit now, right?

        Kate barely acknowledges him.CURTIS(cynically)
                    Humm, yeah.

        Curtis leaves.CEREAL(mockingly)
                    Right.DADEThe sensitive type.

        Kate finally notices that Dade, whom she didn't invite, is at her
        party and in her bedroom.KATEWhat is he doing in here?PHREAKRelax, Burn, he's my guest.DADEBurn. You're Acid Burn. You booted me out ofOTV!KATEWhat?DADEI'm Crash Override.KATEYou're the moron that's been invading my turf?CEREALWhoa, whowhowhowhoa.
                                (motioning to Dade)
                    Crash...
                                (motioning to Kate)
                    and Burn!

        Cereal breaks into hysterics.INT. PLAGUE'S LOFT.Plague is hacking.MARGOMurphy kid turn you down?PLAGUE(in a hammy southern accent)
                    I disguised myself as an Alabama State Trooper
                    and penetrated the FBI NCIC.MARGOPervert! What are you talking about?

        She turns her back to him. He does up the zipper on her
        dress. Their relationship becomes apparent.PLAGUEThe FBI computer holds files on twenty million
                    Americans.  I just hacked into it.MARGOCongratulations.PLAGUEFrom here I got access to every piece of data
                    ever stored on Dade Murphy's parents. His
                    parents separated five years ago, reconciled
                    two years later, filed for divorce last year,
                    custody battle, boy chose to go with his
                    mother. Hmm.MARGOSo?PLAGUESo, we get the mother, we get the boy.INT. KATE'S ROOM.Kate's room is empty, and Dade can't resist going back in
        to play with her laptop, which far outclasses his own,
        some more. On the balcony, Kate notices and comes back
        in.KATEWhat the hell are you doing?DADEIt's cool, I'm just looking.KATEIt's too much machine for you.DADEYeah?

        Dade starts working furiously on it.KATEI hope you don't screw like you type.

        Dade slows to a two-finger keypoke, not missing a beat.DADEIt has a killer refresh rate.KATEP6 chip. Triple the speed of the Pentium.DADEYeah. It's not just the chip, it has a PCI
                    bus. But you knew that.KATEIndeed. RISC architecture is gonna change
                    everything.DADEYeah. RISC is good.

        They uncomfortably exchange glances.DADEYou sure this sweet machine's not going to
                    waste?KATECrash Override. What was it. "Mess with the
                    Best, Die Like the Rest?"DADEYeah.KATEAre you challenging me?DADEName your stakes.KATEIf I win, you become my slave.DADE(intrigued)
                    Your slave?KATE(realizing his mind is in the
                                gutter)
                    You wish. You'll do shit work, scan, crack
                    copyrights, whatever I want.DADEAnd if I win?KATE(giggles)
                    Make it my first born.DADEMake it our first date.KATEYou're not gonna win.DADEAnd you have to smile.KATEI don't do dates. But I don't lose either, so
                    you're on.

MONTAGE: Scenes of Dade and Kate preparing for the challenge.PHREAK(voice over)
                    So here's the deal. The chosen contest: To
                    hassle Secret Service Agent Richard Gill, and
                    get one back for Joey.

        Dade spray paints camouflage onto his keyboard.NIKONOur decisions are final, by a vote of 2 to 1.
                    No appeals.

        Kate rifles through her address book.CEREALThe duel will last until we declare a winner.

        Dade plays quick-draw with disks.PHREAKUse only the dialups, access codes and
                    passwords in your collection. Can't ask for
                    any help from us.

        Dade, having mastered the quick-disk-draw in the mirror,
        looks satisfied.DADE(into mirror)
                    Talking to me?

        All five are together at the beginning of the challenge.PHREAKAny questions?KATEYeah. Whose gonna notify his next of kin?

        Dade and Kate shake hands and the challenge begins.EXT. NEW YORK CITY PUBLIC PHONE.At a public phone, Kate hacks into Concourse Bank, looks
        up Richard Gill, and has his credit card maxed out.
        "Destroy Card" is the final instruction. The other
        hackers look on.INT. RESTAURANT.A waiter runs a credit card through a validation machine,
        sees the message and returns to the patron's table. It is
        Richard Gill. Right there, the waiter chops the
        MasterCard in two with a pair of scissors, to Gill's
        horror.EXT. NEW YORK CITY PUBLIC PHONE.Dade hacks into an electronic personal ads system and
        changes an ad.KATEAlright, he's in the personal ads.
                                (reading Dade's ad)
                    "Disappointed white male, crossdresser, looking
                    for discreet friend to bring dreams to
                    reality. Leather, lace, and water sports.
                    Transvestites welcome."INT. GILL'S OFFICE.At his office, Gill is on the speaker phone with someone
        responding to the ad.GILLI... I... I know where you can stick it... I
                    know where you can stick it...

        Gill punches a button on the phone, another caller comes
        on.CALLER...wanna lick your earlobes... I wanna lick
                    your lips... I wanna lick your toes... I
                    wanna lick your ankles...GILLAwww, yeah, you wanna lick something? Lick this.

        Gill punches another button, another caller comes on.CALLERThat's why they call me Stallion...GILLAw, that's disgusting!

        Gill punches another button.CALLERMy heart is steaming for you...

        Gill punches another button. He is becoming quite flustered.CALLER...spank you with my...GILLAww, Spank your ass...

        He punches another button.

        Another caller comes on, and Gill hangs up the phone,
        disgusted, offended, and distraught. The Plague is there,
        witnessing the whole thing.PLAGUEAnimal!EXT. EMPIRE STATE BULDING OBSERVATION DECK.It's Kate's turn. Kate is hacking into the Department of
        Motor Vehicles. She adds 113 traffic violations and DUI
        offender status to Gill's record.EXT. NEW YORK CITY, BUSY STREET.Gill is being arrested quite forcefully by a NYC police
        grunt.  He is thrown onto the hood of his car and
        handcuffed.GILLHey! Hey, ow! Do you know who I am? Do you
                     know who I am?EXT. CHINATOWN, PUBLIC PHONE.Dade's turn. He hacks into the Secret Service's personnel
        file, and changes Gill's status to "Deceased."INT. GILL'S OFFICE.EMPLOYEE(on phone)
                    This is accounting, sir. You enquired about
                    an employee of ours, an Agent Richard Gill?GILLYes.EMPLOYEEOur records indicate he's deceased.GILLI'm what?INT. CYBERDELIA.The five are playing pool.DADEDead.PHREAKDead?DADEYeah. Like Rigor Mortis, Habeas Corpus.NIKONVery impressive.CEREALSuper hero like even.KATEYeah, whatever. What's the score?

        Phreak clicks the pool scoreboard so it says 60 - 60.PHREAKTie.

        The other four protest.PHREAKDue to Mr. Gill's untimely demise and
                    everything, I guess you two will have to
                    improvise the next round.DADERight. If I win, you wear a dress on our
                    date.KATEAnd if I win, so do you.

        Dade thinks about it a second.DADEDeal.

        Kate gives Dade a look that says "I'm going to hold you to
        that."INT. KATE'S BED. NIGHT.A shapely figure wearing a red leather legless suit with a
        zipper that goes all the way around the crotch. Hands
        caress the sultry figure as the camera pans up. The body
        belongs to Dade Murphy.

        Kate wakes up gasping.  It was only a dream. She pants
        and regains her breath. Then she smiles. She enjoyed
        that dream.KATEOooohhhh...INT. HIGH SCHOOL HALLWAY.Kate, at her locker, stops Dade.KATEDade. I didn't know your size, so I guessed.

        She opens her locker to reveal a red leather bustier and
        bikini bottom.KATEYou are man enough to stick with the deal,
                    aren't you?

        Dade walks off.INT. DADE'S PLACE.Dade signs an electronic pad for a package from UPS. He
        takes the package.DADEThanks.

        He closes the door and opens the package. It is a laptop
        computer, clear plastic shell, full colour screen. Very
        high-end, perhaps the equal to Kate's machine. He turns
        it on. The Plague's face, distorted, appears. It speaks.PLAGUEYou wanted to know who I am, Zero Cool? Well
                    let me explain the New World Order.
                    Governments and corporations need people like
                    you and me. We are samurai. The keyboard
                    cowboys. And all those other people out there
                    who have no idea what's going on are the
                    cattle. Mooo! I need your help, you need my
                    help. Let me help you earn your spurs. Ahh,
                    think about it. Enjoy the laptop, "Cool"!
                    Tell me where the disk is.

        Plague's face vanishes.INT. JOEY'S ROOM.Joey lies on his bed with a comic book, looking
        despondent. His mother enters.JOEY'S MOMYou look pitiful. Okay, okay, you're not
                    grounded anymore.

        She kisses his forehead and leaves. He springs back to
        life, gets up and gets the disc from where he stashed it
        in the air vent.EXT. PARK.Joey is nervously waiting on a park bench. Phreak arrives.
        Agents Ray and Bob still have Joey staked out.PHREAKYo, what's up?JOEYDude dude dude, I gotta talk to you a minute,
                    listen listen listen. I copied a garbage file
                    from...PHREAKBig deal. A garbage file's got shit in it,
                    Joey, come on.JOEYNono, it's like hot or something. I don't know.PHREAKJoey, a garbage file holds miscellaneous data.
                    Junk. Bits of stuff that's been erased, man.JOEYI copied it from Ellingson, okay? They're
                    asking me about it, alright? Will you take a
                    look for me?

        Joey hands Phreak the disc. Agent Bob is taking pictures,
        and Phreak notices.PHREAKOh shit, Joey, you've got a tail.

        Joey sees, and runs for it.JOEYShit!

        The agents split up, one runs after Joey, the other after
        Phreak.INT. HIGH SCHOOL BOYS' ROOM.Phreak has lost his tail. He puts Joey's disc behind a
        condom machine in the boys' room at school, and sticks it
        there with gum.INT. PHREAK'S ROOM.Phreak frantically destroys all records of his hacking
        career. He knows he's about to be busted.DREAM SEQUENCE.The Secret Service is about to burst in on Phreak. He
        still hasn't destroyed any records, and starts manically
        going through everything. Gill is on his laptop screen.GILLI'm watching you...INT. PHREAK'S ROOM. MORNING.A knock on the door. Phreak awakes. It's his mother.PHREAK'S MOMRamon? Wake up. Ramon! Wake up! Vamano.
                    Time for school, come on.

        The secret service bursts in through the window just as
        Phreak's mom opens the blind. She screams, Phreak leaps
        to his feet.AGENTSecret Service, don't move!PHREAKDeja vu!AGENT BOBRay Sanchez, you are under arrest, under the
                    Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986.

        Phreak's mom becomes very angry and starts slapping
        Phreak, cursing in Spanish.PHREAKWhat are you waiting for, arrest me already!INT. POLICE STATION LOCKUP.The undersized Phreak is just a morsel to the hardened
        thugs behind these bars and they taunt him viciously as he
        is led to his one phone call.COPYou get one call. Uno. Understand?

        The cop locks the dial on the phone.

        Phreak waits for the cop to leave, and hangs up. He
        starts rapidly pushing the hangup hook, and he hears a
        ringing tone.OPERATORHello, operator services.PHREAKHello, operator? I'm having trouble dialing a
                    number.OPERATORWhat number please?PHREAK555-4202.OPERATORJust one moment.PHREAKThank you.

        Kate answers.KATEHello?PHREAKHey, it's me.KATEPhreak?PHREAKI'm freaking! Joey wasn't making it up! He
                    really hacked into Ellingson! He gave me the
                    disc with a file he copied and now I'm in
                    jail! They're charging me with some serious
                    shit! And there's stuff I didn't even do,
                    like inserting some virus called Da Vinci, and
                    they keep asking about you guys.KATEYou think they're going to bust us?PHREAKYeah! You better figure out what's on that
                    disc, cause we're being framed. It's in that
                    place where I put that thing that time?

        He hangs up just as the cop returns.INT. SCHOOL BOYS' ROOM.Kate is entirely out of place in the boys' room, as the
        boys look on amusedly.  She finds the disc behind the
        condom machine and pockets it. Then she buys a condom from
        the machine and struts out, smiling sweetly, hot as fire.INT. DADE'S PLACE.Kate knocks. Mrs. Murphy lets Kate and Cereal in.MRS. MURPHYHi!
                                (looking Kate over)
                    Well, now I see what all the fuss is about.
                                (she shows them to Dade's room)
                    Dade... you have company.CEREALIt's a nice room.KATEWe need your help.DADEDo my ears deceive me?

        Kate starts to leave.CEREALNonononono. Truce, you guys. Listen, we got
                    a higher purpose here, alright? A wake up
                    call for the Nintendo Generation. We demand
                    free access to data, well, it comes with some
                    responsibility. When I was a child, I spake
                    as a child, I understood as a child, I thought
                    as a child, but when I became a man I put away
                    childish things.
                                (pause)
                    What... It's Corinthians I, Chapter 13, verse
                    11, no duh. Come on.KATEPhreak and Joey are being framed. We need
                    your help to figure out what's on this disc.DADEI can't. Everybody who touches that thing
                    gets busted, I can't afford to get arrested,
                    I'm sorry.CEREALMaybe I should just go to the bathroom or
                    something.

        Cereal leaves the room.KATEWhat is it with you? I know we've been
                    playing games, but, we're supposed to be on
                    the same side and we really need your help. I
                    really need your help.DADEI'm sorry, I can't.KATEWell, could you just make a copy of the disc?
                    And just hide it in case we get busted, so we
                    have something to give our lawyers, something
                    that hasn't been tampered with? Can you do
                    that?

        A knock on the door. Dade's mom peeks in.MRS. MURPHYListen you guys, help yourself to anything in
                    the fridge. Cereal has.

        She leaves.KATE(to Mrs. Murphy)
                    Thank you.DADEOkay. I'll copy it.KATEOkay, thank you.

        Later.  Plague phones Dade. Plague has Lauren Murphy's
        records on his screen.PLAGUEThe girl. The girl has the disc I need.DADEI told you, I don't play well with others.PLAGUETurn on your laptop. Set it to receive a
                    file.

        Dade does.

        An extensive criminal record with a strange woman's
        picture comes up. The strange woman transforms into
        Dade's mother.PLAGUELauren Murphy is now a wanted felon in the
                    state of Washington. Forgery, Embezzlement,
                    two drug convictions, plus she jumped parole.
                    When she's arrested, she will not have a
                    trial, she will not pass go, she will go
                    directly to jail. Then I change this file
                    back to the original, and your mom disappears.DADEThat's bullshit.PLAGUEWhat can I tell you. Computers never lie,
                    kid. Your mom will be arrested at work,
                    she'll be handcuffed, and later, strip
                    searched.DADEYou lay a finger on her and I'll kill you.PLAGUEKid, don't threaten me. There are worse
                    things than death and, uh, I can do all of
                    them!

        Dade emerges from his room. His exhausted, overworked
        mother is asleep on the couch. He pulls a blanket over
        her.EXT. PUBLIC PHONE, WET STREET, NIGHT.Shortly after, Dade is outside on a payphone.PLAGUETalk to me.DADEI got it. But listen, Kate didn't know what's
                    on it. I mean, she came to me to figure it
                    out. She's not the one who planted the virus.
                    You leave her alone.PLAGUEHey, don't worry, kid. If she's innocent,
                    she'll be fine. Your mommy's safe now, okay?

        Dade hangs up and waits for some time.  A limousine drives
        by, with a skateboarder tailing. Plague grabs the disc,
        jumps in the limo and speeds away. Dade tries to chase
        but gives up quickly.INT. KATE'S ROOM.Dade shows up.  Kate, Nikon, and Cereal are working on the
        disc.DADEKate, listen.KATEUh, hold on...DADEI have to tell you something.CEREALHold on a second!NIKONLook at this, it's so lean and clean.CEREALLooks like a hacker wrote it.KATECome here, look at this. This thing is dense.

        Nikon points out part of the code.NIKONBut that's ill, man. It's incomplete. This
                    is taking forever and a day to figure out.
                    I'm gonna make some coffee.

        Dade takes Nikon's place.CEREALTag, you're in.

        Hours pass. Dade studies and reverse engineers the
        garbage file. The other hackers watch, and do just about
        anything but be hackers. Finally, over boxes of
        half-finished pizza, Dade makes an announcement.DADEThis isn't a virus. It's a worm!NIKONWhat's this one eat?DADEIt nibbles. You see this?

        Dade indicates a rapidly scrolling data display.DADEThis is every financial transaction Ellingson
                    conducts, yeah? From million dollar deals to
                    the ten bucks some guy pays for gas.KATEThe worm eats a few cents from each transaction.DADEAnd no one's caught it because the money isn't
                    really gone. It's just data being shifted
                    around.KATERight. And when the worm's ready, it zips out
                    with the money and erases its tracks.DADEJoey got cut off before he got to that part.
                    Check it out. By this point, it's already
                    running at, what, twice the speed as when it
                    started.KATERight, and at this rate it ends its run in...NIKONTwo days.DADEAnd judging by this segment alone, it's
                    already eaten about...CEREAL21.8 million bucks, man.

        Nikon whistles.KATEWhoever wrote this needs somebody to take the
                    fall. And that's Phreak, and that's Joey, and
                    that's us. We've got to get the rest of the
                    file, so we can find out where the money is
                    going before the worm disappears, so we can
                    find out WHO created it.DADEI know, I know who wrote it.KATEWhat?DADEThis Ellingson security creep. I gave him a
                    copy of the disc you gave me.KATEYou what?DADEI didn't know what was on it.CEREAL(agitated)
                    Oh man. That's universally stupid, man!NIKONYo, man, you an amateur, man.KATEWhy did he come to you?DADEI got a record. I was Zero Cool.NIKONZero Cool? Crashed fifteen hundred and seven
                    systems in one day?

        Nikon closes his eyes and access his photographic memory.NIKONBiggest crash in history, front page, New
                    York Times, August 10th, 1988. I thought
                    you was black, man! Yo, man, this is Zero
                    Cool! Oh, shit!CEREALThat's far out!NIKONThis is Zero Cool, man! Whooo, haha!KATE(coldly)
                    Well that's great. There goes MIT.DADEI'll make it up to you!KATEHow?DADEI'll hack the Gibson.NIKONThey'll trace you like that
                                (snaps his fingers)
                    man, cops are gonna find you, they're
                    gonna find you with a smoking gun.DADEFucked if I care, man.NIKONLook, even if you had the passwords, it'll
                    take you ten minutes to get in, and you've
                    still gotta find the files, man, I mean, the
                    cops will have you in... five minutes.CEREALOh wow, we are fried.KATE(suddenly lighter-hearted)
                    Never send a boy to do a woman's job. With
                    me, we can do it in seven.CEREALYou're both screwed. I help, we can do it in six.NIKONJesus, I gotta save all your asses. I help,
                    we can do it in five minutes, man.DADEOkay. Let's go shopping.CEREALWoo hoo! Boom!EXT. OUTSIDE ELLINGSON BUILDING.Dade and Kate cut through a chain link fence and jump into
        a dumpster at Ellingson. Kate lands on Dade.DADEYou know, if I didn't live by a strict code of
                    honor, I might take advantage of this
                    situation.  Erotically, as it were.

        Kate fishes around in her pants, never breaking eye
        contact with Dade. She pulls out a flashlight. They
        start trashing. They get up to leave and are spotted by a
        security guard.GUARDAlright, hold it right there!

        Kate pulls out a flare gun and fires it at the security
        guard.  He ducks.DADEShit!!KATEIt's my subway defense system.EXT. NEW YORK CITY STREET.Nikon is staring down a manhole, Cereal is fishing through
        an adjacent phone company truck.NIKONHe's way down there.

        Cereal emerges with a beltload of equipment and a hard hat.
        But he forgot the most important thing.CEREALTa-da!NIKONYo, brain dead, the manual!

        Cereal goes back to the truck and gets a thick manual. The
        phone company technician comes up from the manhole.PHONE COMPANY TECHHey!CEREAL AND NIKON(in unison, pointing down the street)TRUCK!!!The phone company tech jumps back in the hole, Cereal and
        Nikon take off.INT. SECRET SERVICE BULDING.A woman is seated at the desk.  Agent Gill walks by.WOMANFind it?

        Cereal emerges from the desk, between her legs. His tool
        belt dangles obscenely from his crotch.CEREALPhone's alright. The problem must be
                    somewhere else.

        Cereal walks away with his buttcrack seriously showing.INT. ELLINGSON MINERAL OFFICES.Nikon poses as a flower delivery boy. He winds his way
        through the offices of Ellingson Mineral, "shoulder
        surfing", watching the workers entering passwords. His
        photographic memory captures everything.  The Plague walks
        past him, noticing briefly but not making the connection.INT. PLAGUE'S LOFT.The Da Vinci virus' launch/cancel prompt is up.MARGO(pacing)
                    They had a large chunk of the garbage file?
                    How much do they know?PLAGUENot everything. But enough to implicate us.MARGOYou said the worm was untreaceable!PLAGUEYeah. To civilians. But they're hackers.
                    But don't worry. All we have to do is launch
                    the Da Vinci virus, and then they'll all be
                    put away.MARGOLaunch the Da Vinci virus? You can't do that!PLAGUENo one believes the guilty. Besides, by the
                    time they realize the truth, we'll be long
                    gone with all of our money.

        Margo starts to protest.PLAGUELook, there is no right and wrong.  There is
                    only fun and boring. A thirty year prison
                    sentence sounds pretty dull to me.  Who do you
                    prefer serves it, us? Or them?

        Plague clicks on "Launch". The virus repeats its demand.VIRUSUnless five million dollars are transferred to
                    the following numbered account in seven days,
                    I will capsize five tankers in the Ellingson
                    fleet.EXT. OPEN SEA.As the virus speaks, a supertanker sails on a choppy sea.INT. PLAGUE'S LOFT.Plague leaves a message on Gill's answering machine.PLAGUE(sternly)
                    The virus goes off tomorrow morning at 10:30,
                    and those hackers tried to get into our system
                    again. At this point I insist you take more
                    strenuous action, or Ellingson Mineral will
                    hold the Secret Service responsible.

        Gill gets on the phone.GILL(grimly)
                    Get me arrest warrants on Kate Libby, alias
                    Acid Burn, Emmanuel Goldstein, alias Cereal
                    Killer, Dade Murphy, alias Crash Override,
                    also known as Zero Cool, and Paul Cook, alias
                    Lord Nikon. We pick them up tomorrow morning
                    at nine o'clock.

        As Gill gives the order, a mysterious device under his
        desk blinks. Cereal put it there.INT. NIKON'S PLACE.Nikon and Cereal taped Gill's orders.CEREALSnoop onto them...NIKON...as they snoop onto us.

        Nikon calls Kate.KATEYeah, it's Kate.NIKONHey, Burn. We got a little problem here.INT. SUBWAY.Cereal, Nikon, Dade and Kate skate through a run down
        subway platform and get on the "A" Train. They go over
        the results of their password gathering spree.KATEAlright, so what have we got?DADEWell, we have fifty passwords, plus whatever
                    Polaroid head here got inside Ellingson.NIKONWell, I got a lot, alright? I don't know how
                    many but... my head hurts.CEREALYo, everyone check this out. Hey, what's the
                    Da Vinci virus?DADEWhat?CEREALCheck this out. It's a memo about how they're
                    gonna deal with those oil spills that happened
                    on the fourteenth.KATEWhat oil spills?NIKONWhoa, whoa. Yo, brain-dead, today is the
                    thirteenth.CEREALWell this hasn't happened yet.KATEWait a minute, the fourteenth, that's the same
                    day the worm ends its run.  I mean... Da Vinci
                    virus, didn't Phreak say that's what he was
                    being charged with? Look...
                                (quotes the memo)
                    "Infecting ballast programs of Ellingson
                    tankers" - they blame hackers!NIKON(angry)
                    Damn!CEREALA worm AND a virus? The plot thickens.

        Kate gets ready to get off the subway.NIKONWhoa, whoa whoa whoa, where are you going,
                    huh?KATEI got an idea. We've got a few hours, right,
                    till we get arrested. So just stay low. I'm
                    gonna go get some help. I'll beep you, okay?
                                (to Dade)
                    Are you coming?

        Dade gets up.CEREALMay the Force be with you, man.INT. INDUSTRIAL DANCE CLUB.Weird music plays, lots of weird people dance.  Razor and
        Blade are on stage, dancing in front of a huge speaker.KATEThere they are!DADERazor and Blade! They're flakes!KATEThey're elite! Let's get 'em.

        Dade and Kate push through the crowd. The song changes to
        a fast industrial rap number, Razor and Blade leave the
        stage, and Dade starts getting moshed. He climbs on the
        stage to follow Razor and Blade. For his trouble, he is
        thrown back onto the crowd, who pass him around overhead.

        Finally the crowd lets him go.  He catches up with Kate.KATEI lost 'em. Where were you?

        Dade tries to explain, but is at a loss for words.

        They make their way to the entrance to Razor and Blade's
        lair. Video monitors are everywhere.DADEI don't like this.

        A robotic arm with a revolver swings around to point at
        Dade.DADEAAAAAUGH! I definitely don't like this!BLADE(through video intercom)
                    What do you want?DADEUmmm... we come in peace?

        Dade winces at his own corniness.KATEWe need your help.  If you're up to it.RAZORShe's buff. Ballsy.BLADELet's keep her.RAZORWaste the dude.

        The gun goes off. It's only a cigarette lighter! No one
        can accuse Razor and Blade of not having a sense of humor.INT. RAZOR AND BLADE'S PLACE.KATEA virus called Da Vinci will cause oil spills
                    at 10:30 AM Eastern Time tomorrow.DADEIt's somehow connected with the worm that's
                    stealing the money.KATEWe need your help to overload the Gibson so we
                    can kill the Da Vinci virus and download the
                    worm program.RAZORShe's rabid, but cute.BLADESee, we're very busy. A TV network that
                    wishes to remain nameless has expressed an
                    interest in our show.DADE(noticing the stench of sellout)
                    Let's go, Kate.RAZORWait. Nobody said no. But you are going to
                    need more than just two media icons like us.
                    You need an army.BLADEThat's it! An electronic army! If I were us,
                    I'd get on the internet, send out a major
                    distress signal.RAZORHackers of the World, Unite!BLADEHow are you going to take care of the cops?

        Dade just smiles.INT. DADE'S ROOM.Dade hacks into the city traffic light control system.
        Suddenly there is gridlock on the streets of New York
        City.EXT. CENTRAL PARK.Nikon is playing chess against two Hassidic Jews.
        Cereal's beeper goes off. It displays the message:GRAND CENTRALHACK THE PLANETCEREALYo. I'm blowing up. It's Kate, Grand
                    Central. Let's hit it!

        Nikon checkmates his opponent and the two leave.

        Dade, Cereal, Nikon, and Kate skate through the streets.
        Dade's program to freeze all the traffic lights on green,
        runs on schedule at 9:00:00 precisely. Picture New York City in
        morning rush hour, and every traffic light is green. Instant
        gridlock ensues. The four skate through the traffic easily, while
        the Secret Service, now pursuing them, is stuck. Gill punches a
        parked car in frustration. Its alarm goes off.INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION.The four hackers skate into Grand Central Station and head
        to the lowest level. They meet up with Joey.CEREALHey Joey, you made it!INT. GRAND CENTRAL PUBLIC PHONES.The hackers are now setting up laptops at a bank of pay
        phones.  Dade is wearing a "Pirate Eye" eyepiece.KATENow listen up, use your best viruses to buy us
                    time, we have to get into Plague's file and
                    copy the worm.

        Cereal screams.CEREALAi! Boom boom aiaiaiaiaee! Alright, that was
                    a little tension breaker, that had to be done,
                    alright?KATECereal.CEREALYeah?KATEGo fix the phones.CEREALRoger.

        Cereal takes off to fix the phones.KATEJoey, take his place.JOEYWhat, me?KATETake his place, man, do it. You can do it.

        Joey takes Cereal's place.KATEReady?DADEYeah.KATEAlright, let's boot up.

        The four boot up their machines. Various vanity screens
        come up on the laptops. They begin to hack. We see the
        inside of the Gibson. Viruses of all kinds begin to pour
        in. In the offices and data processing rooms, the
        Ellingson staff are in pandemonium. Happy faces with eye
        patches appear on their screens. "Sit on my interface."
        "Shit for Brains." "Arf Arf Arf!" Cookie monsters.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.The big monitor shows the attack in progress.MARGOWhat is it? What's wrong?PLAGUENothing, it's just a minor glitch.MARGO"Minor glitch" with you seems to turn into a
                    major catastrophe.

        The main screen is filled with:I WANT A COOKIE. GIVE ME A COOKIE NOW!HALThere's a new virus in the database.MARGOWhat's happening?HALIt's replicating, eating up memory. What do I
                    do?PLAGUEType "Cookie", you idiot. I'll head 'em off at
                    the pass.

        Another virus appears.HALWe have a Zero Bug attacking all the login and
                    overlay files.PLAGUERun anti-virus. Give me a systems display!

        The systems display comes up. Red flashes everywhere,
        signifying new attacks. Plague presses a key.PLAGUEDie, dickweeds!HALThe rabbit is in the administration system.

        Rabbit icons start to fill the systems display.PLAGUESend a Flu-shot.MARGORabbit, Flu-shot, someone talk to me.HALA rabbit replicates till it overloads a file,
                    then it spreads like cancer.MARGOCancer?

        The Da Vinci Virus sings "Row Row Row Your Boat".
        Tanker ballasts start filling - for real.INT. GRAND CENTRAL PUBLIC PHONES.KATEIt's the Gibson, it's finding us too fast.DADEMan, there's too many garbage files, I need
                    more time.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.PLAGUEThey're at Grand Central Station, lower level.
                    Don't screw up.EXT. GRIDLOCKED STREETS.The Secret Service and NYPD are stuck.  They turn around
        and head for Grand Central Station.INT. GRAND CENTRAL PUBLIC PHONES.The public phone next to Dade's rings.  Dade answers.
        It's The Plague.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.PLAGUEGame's over. Last chance to get out of this
                    without a prison sentence.  You're not good
                    enough to beat me, you little shit.INT. GRAND CENTRAL PUBLIC PHONES.DADEYeah, maybe I'm not. But we are, you asshole.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.PLAGUEGive it up! Just give it up.INT. GRAND CENTRAL PUBLIC PHONES.Kate's phone rings. It's Razor.RAZORAre we fashionably late?

        Hackers in England, Italy, Japan, Russia, everywhere
        mobilize and start attacking the Ellingson Gibson. The
        English hacker looks and talks suspiciously like Annie
        Lennox's husband. Our heroes relentlessly search for
        the right garbage file.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.SYSOPWe have massive infection.  Multiple GPI and
                    FSI viruses.HALThey're coming in from remote nodes. They're
                    going after the Kernal!MARGOColonel who?HALThe System Command Processor, it's the brain.MARGOCancer, brain... Brain Cancer?

        Duke Ellingson arrives.DUKE ELLINGSONBelford, what's going on?PLAGUEIn short, Duke, a shit storm.INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION.Dozens of armed Secret Service and SWAT troops push
        through the crowded station looking for the hackers.INSIDE THE COMPUTER.The garbage file lights up.  The familiar psychedelic
        swirl of equations and fractal graphics returns.INT. GRAND CENTRAL PUBLIC PHONES.DADEI found it! I found it!INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.PLAGUEThis is the end, my friend.
                                (smiling sickly)
                    Thank you for calling!INT. GRAND CENTRAL PUBLIC PHONES.Dade is disconnected.DADEOh, shit! He got me.NIKONJoey's getting stupid busy.

        The SS and SWAT are still closing in on the hackers.DADEJoey. I need you to drop your viruses, go
                    after the worm. You're the closest.

        The SS and SWAT push through crowds.DADEIt's root slash period workspace slash
                    period garbage period.

        The SS are nearly there.

        Joey has found the file.

        The SS arrive.  Gill himself has his .357 drawn.GILLFreeze!

        It's an empty bank of payphones, the receivers are linked
        together and taped up. No hackers. They keep going.GILL(pissed off but determined)
                    Ahhh Come on!

        Joey completes the download.KATE(to Razor and Blade)
                    Kill the Gibson.RAZORRoger that.INT. COMPUTER ROOM, ELLINGSON MINERAL.PLAGUECome on you son of a bitch, is that all you
                    got, huh? Come on, let's see what else you
                    can do! You talking to me? Huh? Hahahaha.
                    Are you nuts? Come at me!

        Margo and Duke are awed by Plague's imminent failure and
        total unprofessionalism.HALThey're in the kernal.DA VINCI VIRUSHelp... me...

        The Da Vinci virus dies. The tankers stop capsizing and
        right themselves.WOMAN(off screen)
                    The tankers have stopped capsizing.SOMEONE ELSE(off screen)
                    Ballast tanks are emptying. It'll be okay.

        The main screen lights up:ARF ARF!WE GOTCHA!MESS WITH THE BESTDIE LIKE THE RESTPLAGUELittle pissant!

        The Gibson dies in a flash of light.INT. GRAND CENTRAL PUBLIC PHONES.The hackers cheer and congratulate each other.NIKONYes!DADEWe did it!KATELet's get out of here!GILLFREEZE!The SS have caught up with the hackers. Agent Bob seems to
        be choosing which pore on which hacker's face to blow away
        first. Only Joey thinks to put his hands up.

        As they are led away, a handcuffed Dade surrreptitiously tosses the
        disc with the worm into a trashcan.EXT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION.Outside, he notices Cereal, who wasn't present to be
        arrested. He yells to the crowd, but really is
        addressing Cereal.DADEThey're TRASHING our rights, man! They're
                    TRASHING the flow of data! They're TRASHING!TRASHING! TRASHING! HACK THE PLANET! HACKTHE PLANET!GILLShut up and get in the car!CEREAL(understanding the hidden message)HACK THE PLANET! HACK THE PLANET!INT. GRAND CENTRAL STATION.Later, Cereal is trashing through the garbage cans in
        Grand Central Station. Eventually he finds the disc.
        To Cereal's disgust, it has gum stuck to it.INT. GILL'S OFFICE.Gill phones The Plague to report the successful takedown.PLAGUEHello?GILLWe caught 'em.PLAGUEGood.GILLRed handed! You won't be having any more
                    trouble from them.INT. PLAGUE'S LOFT.At Plague's place, Plague and Margo toast with champagne,
        giggle, and then scurry off to bed...INT. GILL'S OFFICE.Dade and Kate are there.DADEMe, alright? I did it. She knows shit about
                    computers. She... she's just my girlfriend.GILL(laughing)
                    I suggest you modify your attitude. Because
                    you are floating. And I'm about to flush your
                    ass.

        The intercom beeps.AGENTYou've got a Mrs. Murphy to see you, sir.

        Gill leaves.KATEAre you crazy? What are you doing?DADEI'm trying to help you.

        She pauses, realizing his gesture.KATEDade.DADEWhat?KATEThanks for your help.

        Dade turns on the intercom. Gill can be heard through it.GILL(grimly)
                    Your son is in big trouble. He has violated
                    his probation and he has engaged in criminal
                    activity.MRS. MURPHYMy son happens to be a genius. He understands
                    something happening today that you won't
                    comprehend if you live to be a hundred, and he
                    would never use what he knows to harm a living
                    soul.

        Agent Bob enters.AGENT BOBThe news crew you requested is here.MRS. MURPHYOh good. Cause I have a few things to tell
                    them.GILLYour son is facing thirty felony counts in an
                    ongoing investigation. You face possible
                    arrest if you do that.MRS. MURPHYMister, I don't care if I face certain death.GILLMrs. Murphy stays right here.KATEOh, wow, she's great.DADEYeah.INT. SECRET SERVICE OFFICES.The news crew interviews Gill.REPORTER...and attacked the Ellingson's computer
                    network. Is the last we've seen of this type
                    of high-tech espionage?GILLWell, I'm afraid not. Hackers are a grave
                    threat to the national security. This
                    incident just proves without a doubt that we
                    need increased funding to stop...

        Nikon and Joey are led in.

        The monitors cut into static, then Cereal appears.SOMEONEThat kid cut him off!CEREALHold on, boys and girls. It is I, the Cereal
                    Killer, making my first coast to coast, world
                    wide, global television appearance. Yes,
                    that's right, I'm here to tell you about this
                    heinous scheme hatched from within Ellingson
                    Mineral.

        Razor and Blade busily work on keeping him on the air.CEREALBut for what, you ask? World domination?
                    Nay. Something far more tacky. A virus called
                    Da Vinci, that when launched, would cause
                    Ellingson Mineral tankers to capsize was to be
                    blamed on innocent hackers. But this virus was
                    really the smokescreen, right. What could be
                    so vitally important to protect that someone
                    would create such a nasty, antisocial, very
                    uncool virus program?

        Cereal is now seen and heard on the big screen in Times
        Square.CEREALBut why? Could it be to cover the tracks for
                    this worm program? A worm that was to steal 25
                    million bucks. The password for this hungry
                    little sucker belongs to Margo Wallace, head
                    of public relations at Ellingson Mineral...INT. PLAGUE'S LOFT.Margo watches this and sits bolt upright in bed.MARGOOh my God!CEREAL(continuing)
                    ...and Eugene Belford, Computer Security
                    Officer.INT. SECRET SERVICE OFFICEGILL(finally understanding what's been
                                going on all along)
                    Son of a BITCH!CEREAL(continuing)
                    What's this? Is this the unnamed account in the
                    Bahamas where the money was to be stashed? I
                    think so!

        An account number scrolls below Cereal's chin.CEREALYo. I kinda feel like God!

        His voice echoes across the earth and among the
        satellites.MARGOPlague?
                    Eugene?

        Almost supernaturally, Plague is already gone. He was
        right next to her, stark naked in bed a second ago.INT. SECRET SERVICE OFFICES.The hackers embrace and congratulate each other again,
        Lauren Murphy hugs her son.INT. POLICE STATION, WOMEN'S LOCKUP.Margo Wallace has been arrested, and is being led into the
        women's lockup. Some of the other women grab at her
        expensive Italian leather jacket as she is led to her cell.MARGOI don't even know how to work a VCR, let alone
                    a computer! Get off! Look, listen, I'll make
                    a deal. Eugene Belford! I know where his
                    mother is, I promise you. Get offa me! I need
                    a lawyer!INT. AIRLINER CABIN.  IN FLIGHT.STEWARDESSHere you are, Mr. Babbage.  Flight time to
                    Tokyo should be about 14 hours today. Can I
                    get you anything else?

        "Babbage" is The Plague in disguise; he now appears about
        60 years old.PLAGUEJust a pillow please.

        The pillow slides in behind his head, he reaches up to
        adjust it.PLAGUEThank you.

        A handcuff snaps onto his wrist. It's Gill.GILLYou're welcome.PLAGUEWhat's going on? Let go of me! Stewardess!
                    I'll never fly this airline again!EXT. NEW YORK CITY SIDEWALK. NIGHT.Dade and Kate are on their date. Dade is smartly,
        somewhat androgynously dressed. Kate is heavily made up,
        and yes, she is wearing a dress.DADEYou look good in a dress.KATEYou would have looked better.DADEWanna go for a swim?EXT. ROOFTOP SWIMMING POOL.Dade and Kate swimming, fully clothed, in a pool on a
        roof.KATEI can't believe they decided you won.DADEThey didn't. The guys felt it was the only
                    way I'd get a date. Anyway, you're pretty
                    good. You're elite.KATEYeah? You know if you would have said so in
                    the beginning, you would have saved yourself
                    a whole lot of trouble.

        They look out at the skyline. Suddenly, the lights in
        three buildings change. They spell out:C         BR    A    UA    N    RS    D    NHKate laughs, honestly impressed.DADEBeat that!

        Kate continues laughing.DADEYou know, I've been having these really
                    weird..KATE(finishing his sentence)
                    Dreams?

        They kiss passionately.THE END