COLOMBIANAWritten by

                  Robert Mark Kamen & Luc Besson





                                                         August 2009ON A BLACK SCREENBOGOTA, COLOMBIA 1997CLOSE ON A PAGE OF A LARA CROFT COMIC BOOKBeing copied, with uncanny precision, down to the last
          detail, by a ten year old hand clutching a pencil.VOICECataleya!
                         
          The page of a notebook turns, revealing neat cursive
          handwriting, covers the comic.PULL BACK TOINT. CAT'S HOME - DAYCATALEYA RESTREPO, CAT for short, a contained, very
          centered 10 year old, pretty, but with a toughness, sitting
          at the dining room table, in a well kept, but modest home,
          with windows that look out over the steep hillside favela,
          attends to her notebook.
                         
          On the window there are half a dozen beautiful orchid
          plants. The rare Cataleya orchid. All around there are
          packed cartons, suitcases. Moving day is at hand.MOTHERCat! Is your homework finished
           yet?CATWorking on it Mama.
                         
          Her mother, taking time off from packing, comes over to
          Cat, and turns the page of the notebook to reveal the Lara
          Croft comic and it's copy.MOTHERYou draw beautifully my love, but
           if you want to be something in
           life you have to study.CATI am studying Mama. I want to be
           a super hero.
                         
          Her mother turns the page back to the lessons.MOTHERBetter to be a doctor. A lawyer.CATAre we going to see Uncle Emilio?2.MOTHERI don't know. Just waiting to
           hear from your father.
                         
          Cat looks up at a picture on the wall of the family. Cat,
          her mother, and her father. Her face carries a bit of
          worry.CLOSE ONDON LUISI can't believe this.
                         
          Mid 40'S, a gentleman, calm, courteous, impeccably dressed.PULL BACK TOEXT. DON LUIS'S GARDEN - DAYAt a table, with bottle of liquor and two glasses, Don
          Luis sits opposite...FABIOWhy not?
                         
          Cat's father. Off to the side, Don Luis's right hand man,
          MARCO, stands like any right hand, unobtrusive.DON LUISBecause I love you Fabio. Like a
           brother.FABIOAnd I love you Don Luis. Like a
           brother.
                         
          He turns to Marco.DON LUISCan you believe this guy Marco?
           We started when we were little...how
           old were we Fabio?FABIOTen.DON LUISTen year old bastards stealing
           apples from the carts in the market.
           After all we've been through.
           And now we're on top, he wants to
           leave...FABIOLuis, I'm going to be honest with
           you. You remember I had that
           operation?3.DON LUISThat was last year.FABIOSince then, I'm not a hundred
           percent. And you can't do this
           thing if you're not a hundred
           percent. I'm tired.DON LUISSo you'll take a rest.FABIOYou know how many times we should
           have been dead?DON LUISI don't even want to count.FABIONeither do I. But you gotta think.
           How lucky we are to still be alive.DON LUISYeah. That's right. We're alive.
           And what about the future of this
           thing we built?FABIOIt's yours. It's not my thing any
           more.DON LUISI'm not going to talk you out of
           it, am I cabron?FABIOI'll always be there for you Luis.
           Just pick up the phone, I'm there.DON LUISI'm gonna hold you to that. You
           bastard.(EMOTIONAL)I'm going to miss you.FABIOAnd I'm going to miss you.DON LUISOK. Enough of this sentimental
           bullshit. Next we'll be crying
           like two old women. Come on! One
           last drink, huh?
                         
          He pours the liquor into the glasses.DON LUISTo the future.4.They tap glasses.FABIOBueno.
                         
          They shoot the liquor down. Fabio rises.DON LUISSo. Business is all clear?FABIOAll clear.
                         
          He hands Don Luis a computer disc.FABIOIt's all here.DON LUISNo other copies?FABIOYou even have to ask?DON LUISHey.
                         
          He shrugs. Opens his arms. The two men embrace. Close
          as brothers.FABIOAdios Marco. Make sure he doesn't
           get in too much trouble.MARCOAdios Don Fabio. I'll do my best.
                         
          And with that, Fabio exits the garden. Don Luis watches
          him, sad to see his friend go. Sighs deeply, pours himself
          a whiskey, downs it, turns to Marco.DON LUISKill this motherfucker.INT. CAR - DAYTwo men, holding automatics in their laps sit in the back,
          the driver in the front. They see Fabio very contained,
          calm, walking towards them. The driver turns the engine
          on. Fabio slips into the passenger seat. The car takes
          off.
                         
          Fabio explodes. Smashes the dashboard. Over and over.FABIOThis fucker! The motherfucker!
                         
          He keeps banging the dash.5.DRIVERNot OK Boss?FABIOThis bastard thinks I'm an idiot.
           Playing it all mellow and shit.
           If he would have yelled and screamed
           and threatened to kill my whole
           family, it would have been OK. We
           have an hour to get out of here.
           At most.
                         
          Off the nervous looks of the guys in the car...EXT. CAT'S HOME - DAYFabio's car comes to a screeching halt. Fabio exits to
          three other gunmen, nervous, on edge. The gunmen from the
          car take defensive positions. Fabio runs up the stairs.INT. CAT'S HOME - DAYCat is still at the table drawing, when she hears the
          screeching of tires, the fast footsteps outside. She senses
          a storm coming. Fabio bursts in. His wife sees his tension
          filled face.MOTHERFabio?FABIOWe've got ten minutes.MOTHER(PANICKED)Cataleya, go pack!CATI'm packed Mama.
                         
          Cat is strangely calm, just sits at the table. Watches as
          Fabio takes the family picture off the wall, pries the
          frame back, extracts a small chip hidden inside the frame,
          comes over to Cat.FABIOListen to me my darling. Just in
           case of anything. This...
                         
          He holds the chip up.FABIOThis is your passport. Do you
           understand?
                         
          She nods. He places the chip in her hand, takes a card
          out of his pocket.6.FABIOYou find yourself alone? You go
           to the address on this card. Show
           it to the man at the front gate.CATI don't understand papa.FABIOYou don't have to understand. You
           just have to listen, and remember.
                         
          As Cat looks at the chip.EXT. CAT'S HOME - DAYAs Fabio's men keep a sharp lookout, two SUV's come rolling
          down the street. Their fingers work the triggers of their
          weapons. The two SUV's roll up. The blacked out windows
          roll down.MAN(polite. smiling)
           Hola. We want to see Don Fabio.BODYGUARDHe's not home.MANYou mind if we wait?BODYGUARDYour time.INT. CAT'S HOME - DAYFabio writes on top of Cat's drawing, rips the page off,
          folds it, puts it in her pocket, removes a medal from around
          his neck, drapes it over hers.FABIOAnd this will keep you safe.
                         
          Cat looks down at the medal.CLOSE ON THE MEDALAn imprint of a flower.FABIOThe Cataleya orchid. It comes
           from one place on Earth. Our place.
           My mother, your grandmother, used
           to grow them. Every morning I
           would wake up to the sight of them.
           The smell of them. That's why I
           named you after them. It reminds
           us of who we are.7.He kisses her on the forehead. His wife appears at the
          doorway with two suitcases.MOTHERI'm ready.EXT. CAT'S HOME - DAYThe man in the SUV is on the phone.MANThey said he's not home yet.
                         
          He listens.MANOK. OK.He hangs up. Puts his phone back in his pocket. Walks up
          to Fabio's men.MANChange of plans.
                         
          He pulls out his gun, shoots them point blank.INT. CAT'S HOME - DAYAs they are exiting the house through a rear door, the
          shots ring out. They see another black SUV rushing up the
          street.FABIOBack!
                         
          He pushes his family back inside. Fabio runs to the window.
          Sees his men on the losing end of a gun battle. As the
          men fall, and others run up the stairs firing as they
          retreat toward the front door...FABIOToo late. Get ready!
                         
          The Mother drops the suitcases and runs to the rear room.
          Fabio comes over to the unnaturally calm Cat.FABIOI love you very much.CATI love you too Papa.CLOSE ON FABIO'S HANDReaches under the table where Cat is sitting, takes a gun
          strapped there. Next to the gun is a big knife.
                         
          And then footsteps, coming fast outside, draw his attention.8.FABIOAlicia!
                         
          His wife runs into the room toting two big assed assault
          rifles. She tosses one to Fabio. Both of them take up
          shooter's positions facing the door.ANGLE ON CATSitting at the table, very still. Watching.ANGLE ON HER MOTHER AND FATHERFacing the front door, hands gripping their assault rifles,
          sweat dripping down their faces, chests heaving, waiting,
          waiting, to blow anyone who comes through the door to
          kingdom come.
                         
          But they never get the chance because...BBBBRRRRAAAAKKKKKK!!!!!!!!Machine gun fire shatters the windows on both sides of the
          room, tearing into their bodies before they even get one
          shot off. Tearing the orchid plants there to shred.
                         
          Cat watches in mute disbelief, shocked, as her parents
          bodies are riddled with heavy caliber rounds making them
          twitch and dance like marionettes on wires. Their blood
          splattering across the room, across her.
                         
          And then...
                         
          Silence. Silence so complete it is deafening in it's
          absence of any sound. Cat just sits in her chair.
                         
          And then the door bursts open and four gunmen storm into
          the room, their assault weapons trained on the only living
          thing in the room.
                         
          Cat. Marco enters.MARCOYou in the kitchen. You, the
           bedroom. You, the back.
                         
          The gunmen scatter. Marco has his inquisitive eye on Cat,
          who does not drop her eyes, impossible to read.
                         
          One of the GUNMAN strides over to Cat, jams a gun to her
          head. Cat does not move a muscle. Does not blink.ANGLE ON MARCOExamines the frame Fabio dug the chip out of.ANGLE ON THE GUNMAN WITH THE GUN TO CAT'S HEADHe chambers a round, is about to pull the trigger...9.MARCOHey! What are you doing?
                         
          As the other gunmen begin to tear the house apart, looking
          for something, Marco strides over to Cat. The frame in
          his hand.GUNMANDon Luis said kill everyone.MARCOHe also said no names.GUNMANShe won't remember.
                         
          He is about to pull the trigger.MARCOHEY!The gunman stops.MARCOShe's a kid.GUNMANSo what?MARCOWhat do you mean so what? You
           take a kid, teach them, they have
           value.
                         
          The gunman takes his gun, lifts Cat's lip, looks at her
          teeth.GUNMANI couldn't even get ten bucks for
           her in the street.
                         
          The gunman is about to pull the trigger again.MARCOAre you stupid or what? Here.
                         
          Marco hands him some cash.MARCOHere's twenty asshole. Go do your
           job.
                         
          Scowling, the gunman joins the others in ripping the house
          apart, looking for something.
                         
          Marco calmly goes to the fridge, takes out two bottles of
          water, cracks the caps, sets one down on front of Cat as
          he sits opposite her. Her hands are in her lap.10.MARCO(SOFTLY)Remember me Cataleya?
                         
          Cat shakes her head no.MARCOI was at your confirmation. My
           name is Marco, and I was a very
           good friend of your father. I see
           he gave you his medal.
                         
          Alluding to the medal around her neck.MARCOThe Cataleya orchid. His symbol.
           Your name. That's good. This way
           you will always remember him.(BEAT)I know this is a terrible thing
           for you to have seen.
                         
          All the while his men are searching, frisking the bodies
          of the dead, even tearing the heels off their shoes.MARCOSome things are too complicated
           for a kid to understand. This is
           one of them. But I am going to
           try explain it and make it very
           simple for you. So you understand.
           Now, you know who Don Luis is?
                         
          Cat responds, shakes her head yes. Her hand slips
          imperceptibly under the table.CLOSE ON HER HANDTouches the handle of the knife taped there.MARCOOf course you do. He was your
           father's best friend since they're
           kids. He's like an Uncle to you.
           You know he has always been good
           to your family, don't you?
                         
          Again Cat shakes her head.MARCOThis house, the food you eat, the
           clothes you wear. Even your school
           fees. All this comes from Don
           Luis. You know that?
                         
          Again Cat shakes her head.11.MARCOBut when someone is good to you
           and you are not good to them back,
           then bad things happen. Things
           like...
                         
          He alludes to the riddled bodies of her dead parents.MARCOThis.
                         
          Cat looks from the bodies and back to Marco, no emotion in
          her eyes.MARCOI know you are a smart girl. You
           do well in school. So I know this
           is not too complicated for you to
           understand. Am I right?
                         
          Cat nods.MARCOGood. Now, your father had
           something that belonged to Don
           Luis. A little thing. No bigger
           than...
                         
          He holds up his thumbnail.MARCOThis. Maybe it was in this.
                         
          He holds up the frame, shows where the chip was dug out of
          the wood.MARCODo you know what I am talking about?
                         
          Cat nods.CLOSE ON CAT'S HANDGripping the knife handle.MARCOExcellent. Do you know where it
           is?
                         
          Cat nods.MARCOWell, if you give it to me, Don
           Luis will be very grateful. And
           very generous. He will make sure
           that you are clothed, fed, and
           sent to the very best school. You
           will have everything you want.(MORE)12.MARCO (CONT'D)But if you don't give it to him,
           he will be very unhappy. And you
           see what happens when he is not
           happy, yes?
                         
          Cat nods yes.MARCOSo why don't you just give that
           little thing which belongs to him.
           Will you do that?
                         
          Cat hesitates for a moment, and then removes one hand from
          underneath the table, her fist closed tight. Marco smiles,
          kindly. He holds out his hand.MARCOYou are a smart girl.
                         
          Marco opens his hand.MARCOAnd in this life, smart girls get
           everything they want. What do you
           want Cat?
                         
          And just as she is about to open her hand...CLOSE ON HER OTHER HANDUnder the table, gripping the handle of the knife taped
          there.MARCOJust tell me sweetheart...what do
           you want?
                         
          In a flash, the knife is whipped out and buried into Marco's
          unsuspecting, open palm. Driven with such force, the knife
          pierces through the back of his hand, and sticks into the
          table beneath; pinning his hand. Marco wants to scream
          but there is so much pain, nothing escapes his throat.CAT(in his ear)
           To kill Don Luis!MARCOAAARRRGGGHHHH!!!!!The men searching look up, and before they can react, Cat
          races past them.MARCOGet her!TRACK WITH CAT13.As she runs through the rooms of the house, sprints to the
          bathroom where one foot hits the toilet, springing her
          onto the ledge of a very small window. As she looks back,
          she sees the gunmen in hot pursuit. And she jumps, head
          first. Barely squeezing her small frame through the tiny
          window.
                         
          And she drops...
                         
          Six feet down, onto a ledge, that is just beneath the
          window. She flattens against the wall, holding onto the
          medal of her father.ON THE BATHROOMOne of the gunman comes to the window, cannot fit through,
          looks out, does not see anybody across, then hears something
          beneath him, looks down, sees the tip of a shoe below.
          Puts his gun out the window, points it down, and....BBBBRRRRAAAAKKKKKKK!!!!!!Lets loose with a barrage from his weapon.ON CATShe watches as the bullets split the cement all around her
          feet. Coming inches from ripping into them. And then the
          barrage stops.ON THE GUNMANHis clip runs out. And as he fumbles to slam another one
          in...ON CATShe hears the pause. Looks out over the sprawl of houses
          that stretch up and down the steep hillsides of the favela.
          She looks down at her open palm at the small chip her father
          gave her. Pops the chip in her mouth, swallows, leaps
          over the small divide between her house and the next roof,
          and takes off running.ON THE GUNMANGets the clip to fit, sees Cat heading off across the roof,
          out in the open, exposed, vulnerable. He lifts his gun to
          shoot, when the gun muzzle is slammed up, peppers the
          ceiling with bullets. The gunman turns to Marco, holding
          his bloody rag wrapped hand.MARCOWe need her alive!EXT. FAVELA - DAYCat leaps from one rooftop to another, shinnies down a
          drain pipe onto another roof.14.ANGLE ON THE GUNMENJumping down from the window of Cat's home, start to sprint
          across the roof in hot pursuit.ON CATShe drops down to another roof, this one filled with a
          vegetable patch, where an old man is gardening.EXT. FAVELA - DAYMarco exits Cat's house, wrapping his bloody hand tightly
          with a piece of his shirt.MARCOGo! Go!
                         
          He orders four more gunmen who have just zoomed up on
          motorcycles. The souped up rice rockets take off in four
          different directions.ON CATAs she comes off the last rooftop, down into a small alley.
          She sprints across to a small door. She kicks at the door,
          which gives way and enters...AN OPEN COURTYARDWhere a half dozen women are doing laundry by an open tap.
          They look up to the sight of this little girl in the blood
          splattered school uniform, do not say a word. And neither
          does Cat. She just runs through to a small gate on the
          far side of the courtyard, opens it, and disappears. One
          of the women casually hangs one of her wet sheets over the
          gate, hiding it.ON THE GUNMENThey crash through the vegetable garden. The old man deftly
          kicks a rake leaning against the wall. It falls in between
          the rows of tomato vines.
                         
          When the gunmen sprint through, the first one trips over
          the rake, goes crashing through the vines, which causes
          the two men behind him to also trip and fall. The fourth
          man hurdles his fallen cohorts, bounds over the roof.
                         
          And the fifth man, looks at the old man. Knows what he
          has done. Shoots him dead before jumping off the roof.ON CATShe races down a steep hill in the crowded favela streets.ON THE GUNMEN15.They enter the laundry yard. The women don't even look
          up. The gunmen look around, just see laundry hanging from
          the fence, do not see the hidden door. Race back out.ON CATShe runs down a steep alley, filled with people sitting
          outside their homes, chatting, playing dominoes.
                         
          At the end of the alley, two motorcycles appear. The riders
          see Cat, as she sees them. They turn their bikes into the
          alley...VRROOOM!And bear down on Cat.
                         
          Cat sprints back up the hill. She goes to escape into one
          of the open doors, but she finds that one after another
          the doors have closed shut, the people fled inside.
                         
          The bikes eat up the hill. Cat's legs are no match for
          them. It seems she will be caught any second. She ducks
          down a street where laundry is hung on a concealed metal
          pipe running the length of the alley. As Cat ducks through
          the sheets the gunmen gun their bikes right towards her,
          tear through the sheets...AND THE CONCEALED METAL PIPE CATCHES THEM ACROSS THEIRTHROATS.ON CATShe looks back, to the dead gunmen, disappears over the
          hill.AND JUST AS SHE DOES...Marco, in an open top jeep, with three of his gunmen ON
          BOARD, comes rolling up the road. He sees Cat.MARCOThere!
                         
          The jeep screeches around. Cat dashes down an alley.ON CATAs she runs up the alley with it's open sewers running on
          either side.ON MARCOThe alley is too narrow for the jeep. The men spill out,
          spring up the alley.MARCOAlive!16.ON CATShe runs up the alley, then ducks down another one. She
          comes to a ladder that leads up a fence, begins to climb.ON THE GUNMENRunning up the alley, turning into the next one. Where
          they see the ladder. One of the gunmen pulls out his cell
          phone.ON MARCOIn the jeep, scouting as it rolls along.ON CATShe is running for all she is worth, out of breath, scared.ANGLE ONMore thugs on bikes, on foot, in cars. They are everywhere.ON CATShe is leaning against a wall on a rooftop, gulping air,
          when she hears the roar of engines. Looks over the side
          of the building to see dozens of gunmen flooding the area.ON GUNMENClimbing the ladder.ON CATHearing them coming.ON GUNMENSurrounding a building. Throwing grappling hooks onto the
          roof ledge.ON CATSeeing the grappling hooks claw onto the roof edge.ON GUNMENCresting the roof from the ladder.ON GUNMENRappelling up the side of the building on the grappling
          ropes.ON GUNMENFlooding onto the roof from both sides. Coming to the
          spot where Cat was only moments before. To find no Cat.17.One of the gunmen takes out his cell. Dials.ON MARCOOn the phone.MARCONorth! Go North! We're cutting
           off the southern streets!
                         
          Marco slams his phone shut. Heads for his car.ON GUNMENGUNMANNorth!
                         
          The gunmen clear the roof. As the last one leaves, he
          takes one last suspicious sweep of the roof, cannot figure
          where this wisp of a girl went to. His eyes briefly focus
          on the chimney...GUNMANLet's go.
                         
          He clambers over the side of the roof.THE CAMERA STAYS FOCUSED ON THE CHIMNEY.INT. CHIMNEY - DAYCat, holding her breath, listening keenly to the sound of
          the men departing, is wedged into the chimney, her hands
          and feet clinging like a lizard to the walls on either
          side.EXT. STREET - DAYCat comes over the top of a hill, the soot of the chimney,
          mingled with the blood of her parents, staining her dress.
          The doors and windows all along the street are shuttered
          tight. Her eyes search the curb as she makes her way down
          the street. When she hears the sound of a vehicle. She
          looks up to a jeep turning the corner.REVERSE ON MARCOIn the windshield of the jeep, staring at her.MARCOWe got her! Close the net!ON CATShe sees Marco. She pauses for a moment, and then does
          something that stuns even Marco. She starts to run right
          towards the jeep!ON MARCO18.A bit stunned.MARCOWhat is she doing?ON CATShe keeps sprinting toward the jeep. Another jeep appears
          over the hill behind her. Starts to come at her.ON MARCOAs his jeep speeds right for her.ON CATAs she runs, her eyes go to the right, and it becomes
          apparent she knows exactly what she is doing. She has a
          plan. And she executes it. Suddenly, she leaps for the
          curb and...A SEWER GRATE.ON MARCOSees Cat dive to the curb.MARCONo!ON CATAs she wriggles her skinny little body down the grate,
          with barely enough room to squeeze in. But in she does
          squeeze.ON MARCOIn total disbelief, watching her disappear down the narrow
          slit in the curb.
                         
          Both jeeps pull up. The men jump out. Marco flattens to
          the street, peers into the grate, sees Cat staring up at
          him.
                         
          Marco takes his gun out. Jams it in the grate...BAMBAMBAMBAMBAM!!!!Empties his clip into the dark. When he runs out of ammo,
          he peers down again.
                         
          Cat is gone. The gunmen run to the next sewer grate fire
          into that one. Marco looks down, no Cat.MARCOGet down there!
                         
          The gunmen rip the grate out, jump down the hole.19.INT. SEWERS - DAYThe gunmen, following the beams of their flashlights, go
          tramping through the muck of the sewers, trying to find
          Cat. The only living things they find are rats, scurrying
          across their feet.GUNMAN(ON PHONE)We lost her!ON MARCOMARCOFUCK! FUCK!He kicks every car in the street in frustration.INT. SEWERS - DAYThe gunmen wait in the sewer, waiting.MARCO V.O.Come back out.
                         
          The gunmen retreat back the way they came. They do not
          see someone watching them go.ANGLE ONA small crevice in the sewer wall. Cat has squeezed herself
          into the crack, almost invisible.EXT. STREET - SUNSETCars and trucks rumble along a busy thoroughfare.CLOSE ON A SEWER GRATE CUT INTO THE SIDE OF THE CURBA hand emerges. And then, Cat pulls herself out, into the
          street.PULL BACK TO CAT RISINGShe stands at the edge of the busy thoroughfare, and looks
          around. She is in the heart of the city. Where tall office
          buildings, compete with graceful, classical mansions. In
          the distance, she sees the hillsides, covered with the
          twinkling lights of the favelas, two miles, and a world
          away.EXT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - NIGHTTwo Marines stand guard. Looking straight ahead.VOICEExcuse me...20.The Marine looks down to Cat. Bedraggled, covered in soot
          and blood and shit. Holding out the card her father gave
          her.CLOSE ON THE FACE OF A MIDDLE AGED AMERICANPULL BACK TOINT. EMBASSY OFFICE - NIGHTThe American looks at the card Cat gave to the Marine,
          hands it to another American.AMERICAN 1And you say you have something for
           us?
                         
          He turns to Cat, who nods yes.AMERICAN 1May I see it?
                         
          Cat takes a beat. Puts her fingers down her throat. And
          throws up all over the man's desk.AMERICAN 1Oh jeez...
                         
          Cat reaches into the goop on the desk and comes up with
          the chip. She hands it over to the man behind the desk,
          who takes a handkerchief out and takes it from her,
          gingerly. He looks at the chip, looks at Cat.AMERICAN 1(REPULSED)Thank you.CLOSE ON A COMPUTER SCREENFacts, figures, names, dates, a wealth of information
          scrolls down.PULL BACK TO THE TWO AMERICANS LOOKING AT EACH OTHERAMERICAN 1We have to record this.
                         
          Cat does not understand. The second American hits a button
          on a remote.ANGLE ON A HIDDEN CAMERA ROLLINGBACK ONAMERICAN 1Where did you get this?CATMy Papa.21.AMERICAN 1And where is your Papa?CATDead.AMERICAN 1Did he tell you what this is?CATYes...my passport.INT. AIRPLANE - DAYCat watches out the window as the plane's landing gear
          drops and the city of Miami spreads out before her in all
          it's shimmer and glistening glory.VOICEWe are making our final approach
           to Miami International airport.
           Please fasten your seat belts.
                         
          She looks down at the medal around her neck. A tear forms
          in her eye. Rolls down her cheek. Impossible to tell if
          it is a tear of joy or sadness.INT. JETWAY - DAYCat, with a plastic envelope holding her travel documents
          around her neck, accompanied by an airline rep, walks down
          the jetway toward the entrance to the airport, where a MAN
          is standing. Looking directly at her.
                         
          All the passengers are filing to the left as they leave
          the jetway, but as Cat and her escort approach the man...MANCome with me.
                         
          He walks to the right.INT. PRIVATE OFFICE - DAYCat stands in front of a rotund bureaucrat, with the man
          who escorted her, handing over her passport.BUREAUCRATShe's the one?MANShe is indeed.
                         
          The Bureaucrat looks at her passport. As Cat glimpses
          through the slatted window looking out over the Customs
          floor, where all the other passengers are being processed
          in long lines.22.BUREAUCRATYou must have done something pretty
           important to get the royal treatment
           little lady.
                         
          Cat says nothing. He stamps her passport.BUREAUCRATWelcome to America.
                         
          Cat looks at him, not sure if this is good news or bad
          news.ON THE MIAMI SKYLINEINT. CAR - DAYCat looks out the window of the car at the skyline passing
          by, silent, filled with wonder.MANYou like music?
                         
          Cat looks at him, doesn't respond. He turns the radio on.
          A god awful C&W song comes on. Cat looks at him for a
          moment, then reaches over, turns the radio off. Goes back
          to looking out the window.EXT. BOARDING SCHOOL - EVENINGThe car passes a gate with a sign: MISS PORTERS SCHOOL FORGIRLS.VOICEIt's been our mission statement
           since we first opened our doors in
           nineteen twenty three...INT. HEADMISTRESSES OFFICE - EVENINGHEADMISSTRESSTo provide a safe, healthy nurturing
           environment where young women can
           get the education they will need
           to meet the challenges of that
           amazing adventure called life.
           How does that sound to you, my
           dear?
                         
          Cat does not respond, she just stares out the window.MANIt's been a long day for her.
           Here's the check for the year's
           tuition.
                         
          He hands over a check.23.MANAnd the five hundred dollars
           allowance for the first six months.
                         
          He hands over a wad of bills.HEADMISSTRESSWhich we keep right here...
                         
          She places the money in an envelope with Cat's name on it,
          and puts the envelope into a drawer.HEADMISSTRESSAnd give you twenty a week for
           incidentals.
                         
          She hands a twenty to Cat. Who takes it without saying a
          word.HEADMISSTRESSWhat do we say darling?CATWhere do I sleep?INT. DORMITORY - EVENINGThree dozen girls of all ages go about their business.
          Some do homework on their beds, others do their hair, dance,
          run around.
                         
          And suddenly, at the sound of a door opening, they all
          stop and look in the same direction at Cat and the MONITORMONITORGirls, this is your new classmate.
           Please welcome her and show her
           the ropes.(TO CAT)Wake up is at seven. Sweet dreams.
                         
          She exits. All the girls stare at Cat. No one makes a
          move. In the silence, you can hear a pin drop, until...
                         
          The biggest girl in the dorm, a head taller than everyone,
          and twenty pounds heavier, with bully written all over her
          face, saunters down the aisle right towards Cat. Her name
          is...SHERRII'm Sherri. And you are?CATVery tired.
                         
          The girls all around twitter. Sherri looks back at them,
          no good rising on her smirking face.24.SHERRIWell, 'very tired', I'm sure you
           want to lay down and rest your
           little head?CATI do.SHERRIThere's your bed...
                         
          She points halfway down the aisle to an empty bed. Cat is
          about to walk towards it, when Sherri puts a beefy hand in
          her chest.CATBut it's gonna cost you.(BEAT)Twenty dollars.
                         
          Cat looks at Sherri. Looks at the other girls all hanging
          on every word, waiting to see what jumps off.
                         
          Cat considers, then reaches into her jumper and extracts
          the twenty dollars the headmisstress gave her. Hands it
          over to Sherri.SHERRIA week. Peace has it's price,
           y'know what I'm saying?
                         
          Cat says nothing, just stares at Sherri.SHERRIAre we clear on that?CATTwenty dollars a week.
                         
          Sherri opens her sweatshirt to reveal a fanny pack. She
          unzips it, puts Cat's twenty in with a wad of other
          twenties.SHERRIWe got a smart one!
                         
          The other girls hoot and whistle. Sherri removes her hand
          from Cat's chest.SHERRIYou can go now.(BEAT)In peace.
                         
          Cat still says nothing. She walks up the aisle past all
          the other girls, who remain silent. It is only after Cat
          has laid down on her bed, that the laughing and twittering
          resumes.25.Cat stares at the ceiling, her hand reaches inside her
          jumper, takes out the medal her father gave her. She holds
          it close in her hand, just lays that way.FADE TOINT. DORMITORY - NIGHTAll the girls are asleep in their beds. Silence reigns,
          except for the small cries and sighs of girls asleep.CLOSE ON CATHer eyes still open, her hand clutching her father's medal.
          She gets up.INT. HALL - NIGHTCat makes her way down the hall. At the end of the Hall
          is a door marked EXIT. But she is not looking at the exit
          she is looking for something else. And she finds it. A
          door marked: HEADMISTRESS.
                         
          Cat tries the door, it is locked. She takes her father's
          medal from around her neck, and uses it to pop the lock.
          Looking left and right to make sure the coast is clear,
          she enters.INT. HEADMISTRESSES OFFICE - NIGHTCat tries the drawer where the Headmistress locked her
          money away. She looks around, takes a letter opener off
          the desk, pops the drawer, extracts the envelope with her
          name on it.INT. HALL - NIGHTAgain Cat walks down the darkened hall, looking for another
          door. Finds it marked: INFIRMARY.INT. INFIRMARY - NIGHTCat walks along the cabinets containing the pharmaceuticals
          until she finds what she is looking for. She smashes the
          glass door, reaches in, extracts one bottle.CLOSE ON SHERRI ASLEEPPULL BACK TOINT. DORMITORY - NIGHTCat, with four belts slung over her shoulder, the bottle
          from the infirmary in one in one hand, a cloth in the other,
          stands over the sleeping Sherri.
                         
          Cat pours the contents of the bottle out into the cloth.
          Seals the bottle. Puts it down. Then takes the cloth and
          places it over Sherri's sleeping face, ever so gently.26.FADE TO BLACKEXT. HORIZON - SUNRISEThe sun comes up over the horizon, casts it's first rays
          through the windows of...INT. DORMITORY - MORNINGThe sun hits the faces of the girls. As they wake, they
          find two very interesting things.
                         
          1. A twenty dollar bill on each bed.
                         
          2. Sherri fast asleep, her hands and feet tied to the post
          of the bed with belts, her shirt pulled up, her money belt
          gone. And the word THIEF written in magic marker across
          her stomach. And the drawing of the Cataleya orchid.CLOSE ONA kind faced Hispanic woman, a...TICKET AGENTHola chica, where are we wanting
           to go today?PULL BACK TOINT. BUS STATION - DAYCat, barely up to the window, hands the ticket agent the
          piece of paper her father gave her. The woman looks at
          the paper.TICKET AGENTChicago is not next door, you know.CATHow much?
                         
          Cat holds up the envelope from the headmistresses office.MONTAGE DAY/NIGHTThe landscape of America passes by through the window of a
          bus. Clutching a new Lara Croft comic, nibbling on a big
          Mac and fries out of a bag, Cat sees...
                         
          The sugar cane harvests in the Florida wetlands.
                         
          Two big fat black women sitting on the porch of a shack
          shelling peas in the deep South.
                         
          The Steel Mills of Pittsburgh fire up.
                         
          The endless expanse of corn and wheat stretching from
          horizon to horizon across Ohio.27.The giant milk barns of Indiana with their hundreds of
          cows.
                         
          And finally, sees the great city of Chicago looming in the
          distance as the bus hurls down the highway towards it.EXT. CHICAGO BUS TERMINAL - NIGHTAs seedy as any bus terminal. People bustling, people
          hustling. A veritable cauldron of humanity bubbling with
          the good, the bad, the ugly. The predators and the prey.
                         
          Cat exits into this stew of life, looks around, checks
          things out. As she is checked out in turn by some pretty
          sleazy types.
                         
          Cat ignores the eyes following her, walks up to a dwarf
          hawking newspapers. Hands him her slip of paper. He points
          her in a direction.MONTAGECat walks across the neighborhoods of Chicago.
                         
          Sees the signs in Polish change into signs in Italian, in
          Spanish, Chinese, Ethiopian.
                         
          She hands her paper to an Ethiopian cabbie. He points her
          onward.
                         
          She walks past bars where black gangbangers watch her pass.
          She hands one her paper, he points her on.
                         
          She walks past massive churches, synagogues, mosques.
                         
          She walks past the stately houses of the Gold Coast, along
          the deserted stretches of the glam shops on Michigan Avenue,
          over the bridges...
                         
          Until she comes to...EXT. ROUGH NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHTThe denizens of this world look every bit as dangerous as
          they are. Gangbangers, con artists, trouble waiting to
          happen at every turn.ANGLE ON CATCat, walking down the block as the eyes of everyone she
          passes follow her. She stops on a street corner. Seems
          lost. Opposite her a group of men, hanging outside a bar
          see her. The leader of the group calls her over.MANHey kid. You know what time it
           is?
                         
          Cat shakes her head.28.MANIt's late, and this is not the
           kind of place a kid should be
           hanging out. What are you doing
           here?
                         
          Cat hands him her paper. He looks at her, suspicious.MANWho are you?CATCataleya.
                         
          The man takes a moment...MANWait here.
                         
          He disappears up a small alley into the darkness beyond.
          Cat, not knowing what to do, sits down on the curb, watches
          street life. She sees...
                         
          Hookers soliciting men in passing cars.
                         
          Cops sitting in a patrol car, bored, blase.
                         
          Men playing craps against a wall.
                         
          Some very discreet dope deals, more sleight of hand than
          anything else.CLOSE ON A FIST COLLIDING WITH A FACEA very bloodied face. Once, twice, three times.PULL BACK TOINT. ROOM - NIGHTEMILIO RESTREPO, 35, a hard case, fuck with me at your own
          risk written all over his face, is about to deliver another
          crushing blow to a poor soul strapped to a chair when...MANEmilio.
                         
          The beating stops, Emilio turns.MANThere's a girl looking for you.EMILIOI'm not interested in a girl right
           now.
                         
          He turns back to the task at hand. Cocks his fist.29.MANIt's not that sort of thing. She's
           eight.
                         
          Again, Emilio stops. The man hands her Cat's paper.MANSays her name's Cataleya.
                         
          This focuses Emilio's attention.EXT. STREET - NIGHTCat is sitting watching the street, when a pair of legs
          appear in front of her. Cat looks up to the man who
          disappeared.MANCome with me.
                         
          He turns abruptly, heads back up the alley.EXT. ALLEY - NIGHTCat follows the man through a darkened alley. At intervals,
          on either side, dangerous looking men, armed to the teeth,
          stand in the shadows. The man opens a door, beckons Cat
          to enter.INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHTCat follows the man as he moves down a long hallway. Cat
          looks into the rooms on either side of the hall as she
          walks along.
                         
          In one room, opening out to a trucking bay, TV sets are
          being unloaded into a big warehouse full of stolen
          merchandise.
                         
          In another room, guns are being serviced. Lots of guns,
          hand guns, assault rifles. Big artillery.MANHey!
                         
          Cat's attention is drawn away from the room with the guns,
          to the Man holding a door open for her at the very end of
          the hall.INT. OFFICE - NIGHTCat enters an office with three women working on computers.
          Looks like any other business office. At the sight of
          Cat, the women get up and exit, closing the door behind
          them. Cat is left alone.
                         
          She looks around the office, when the sound of a door
          opening behind her. She turns to Emilio. Who approaches
          her cautiously, scrutinizing her.30.EMILIOCataleya?
                         
          Now it is Cat who hesitates.CATUncle Emilio?
                         
          Emilio covers his mouth, seems rocked.EMILIOMadonna! I thought you were dead!
                         
          He crosses himself.EMILIOI thought you were all...
                         
          Cat stands stock still. Emilio takes her up in his arms,
          lifts her, crushes her to his chest. Cat remains suspended,
          emotionless for a moment. And then, for the first time
          emotion, real emotion, washes across her face. Her lower
          lip begins to tremble. Tears well up in her eyes. She
          bursts into tears.EMILIOYou're safe now.
                         
          All the emotion, the fear, the anger that she has kept
          locked away deep inside, rushes to the surface in one
          massive wave.EMILIOYou're safe.EXT. CHICAGO - MORNINGThe sun peeks over the horizon, spreading the fog infused
          light coming off Lake Michigan across the sleeping city as
          it ascends in the sky.CLOSE ONOne beam of sunlight slips through the narrow crack between
          a window and the shade covering it.CLOSE ONThe ray of sunlight washes across Cat's sleeping face.
          She wakes slowly. Her eyes open after a long sleep. For
          a moment she does not remember where she is.PULL BACK TOINT. BEDROOM - MORNINGCat looks around the clean, orderly bedroom as she gathers
          her thoughts. Her eyes move around the room. It is a
          boy's room.31.With models of soldiers, futuristic warriors, a big poster
          of Al Pacino as Tony Montana in SCARFACE. A poster with
          every imaginable type of assault rifle.INT. KITCHEN - MORNINGEmilio sits reading the financial section of the morning
          paper over what seems to be the remains of a very hearty
          breakfast. An elderly woman, grandmotherly, fills his
          coffee cup.EMILIOGracias mama.
                         
          A noise turns both of them to the doorway and Cat.EMILIOGood morning.MAMABuenos diaz Cara. Come. Sit.
           I'll make you some eggs.
                         
          Mama caresses her face, her eyes glisten with a
          grandmother's love. Kisses her on the forehead, lovingly,
          whispers into her ear.MAMAYou have your mother's beautiful
           eyes. Don't be scared. This is
           your home.
                         
          Slowly, hesitantly, Cat makes her way across the kitchen
          to the table, where she sits opposite Emilio, tentative.EMILIOWhen was the last time you slept?CATI don't know. A long time ago.EMILIOWell good. A growing body needs
           sleep. When I was your age I would
           sleep half the day. I don't know
           if it helped with the growing, but
           I was well rested for whatever
           came after.CATWhose room is that?EMILIOMy son. Your cousin.CATWhere is he?32.EMILIOHe's dead.
                         
          His voice holds anger, not sadness.CATKilled?EMILIOYes.CATBy who?EMILIONo one who is still alive.
                         
          Mama comes over, puts a plate of eggs in front of her. As
          she begins to wolf down the food. He holds up the page of
          her drawing, the one her Father put his address on.EMILIOYou are very talented. Is this
           what you want to be? An artist?CATI used to want to be like Lara. A
           super agent.
                         
          Shoveling more food into her mouth.EMILIONot anymore?
                         
          Chewing, Cat shakes her head.EMILIOAnd now?CAT(matter of fact)
           I want to be a killer.
                         
          She keeps shoveling food in her mouth. Emilio looks up at
          his mother, who crosses herself. Cat finishes the last
          mouthful, looks up.CATCan you help?
                         
          Emilio blinks once.EMILIOSure.EXT. STREET - DAYEmilio walks Cat down the street. He is carrying a kids
          book bag.33.EMILIOThe good news is your father bought
           you your life with what he gave
           you. The bad news is Don Luis was
           playing both sides, and has
           disappeared. You tore down
           everything he spent years building
           up with that little chip. It is
           something he will not forget.
           There is a law in this thing of
           ours. If someone does you, the
           revenge goes all the way down the
           line. Women, children,
           Grandmothers, dogs, cats. No
           exceptions.CATAre you trying to scare me?EMILIOI am trying to educate you.CLOSE ON MONEY BEING COUNTEDPULL BACK TOINT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAYThe PRINCIPAL watches Emilio count the money out.PRINCIPALNormally we don't accept students
           in the middle of the academic year,
           but under the circumstances, losing
           her parents in that tragic car
           accident...
                         
          Cat looks out the window, saying nothing.PRINCIPALHere.
                         
          He hands a list over to Cat. Who keeps looking out the
          window.PRINCIPALThese are the school supplies you'll
           need.
                         
          Emilio takes them.EMILIOShe's still in a bit of shock.PRINCIPALOf course. See you Monday Cataleya.
           Such a pretty name.
                         
          She keeps looking out the window.34.EXT. SCHOOL - DAYAs Emilio walks along, with Cataleya, reading the list of
          supplies.EMILIOWe'll get all this stuff, then go
           over to this little place I know
           down on Maxwell street for some of
           these hot dogs the Polish people
           make here.
                         
          He turns left at the cross street...EMILIOYou like hot dogs?
                         
          He looks down, sees no Cat. Looks back to see Cat walking
          in the opposite direction.EMILIOHey!
                         
          Cat keeps going.EMILIOHey!
                         
          He hurries, catches up with her.EMILIOWhere you going?CATI've already been to school. I
           told you what I want to be. You
           don't want to help me, fine. I'll
           do it myself.
                         
          She walks off. Emilio grabs her.EMILIOChica. Any idiot can be a killer.
           Look!
                         
          Emilio draws a .357 magnum pistol from his shoulder holster,
          and empties the entire clip into the front of a car coming
          down the street. The car careens off the road, smashes a
          fire hydrant, crashes through a plate glass window of a
          shop across the street. The water from the hydrant shoot
          twenty feet in the air. Emilio holsters his gun.EMILIOYou want me to teach you to be a
           killer? No problema. I'll teach
           you. But you'll be dead in five
           years.(MORE)35.EMILIO (CONT'D)If you want to be a killer, and
           survive, you have to be a smart
           one. You have to know things
           besides how to pull a trigger.
           You have to know how the world
           works. How people think. You got
           to learn to be psychological.
           That I cannot teach you, unless
           you learn the basics at school.
           Got it?
                         
          Cat glares at him.EMILIONow what's it going to be?
                         
          He holds out the gun in one hand, and the schoolbag in the
          other. Cat hesitates for a moment. Takes the schoolbag
          from Emilio. Then takes his hand, and they walk off
          together as police sirens announce the arrival of cruisers,
          and people pour out of the school and the surrounding
          stores. As they put distance between the chaos and
          themselves.CATBut I still want to be a killer.EMILIO(SIGHING)Cabron!FADE TO BLACK12 YEARS LATEREXT. FRESNO - NIGHTA sleepy California town on the way to nowhere.PAN DOWN TOEXT. SIDE STREET - NIGHTA police cruiser sits on a quiet street, right off a wider
          avenue. Main street. There is no traffic either way.
          The nose of the cop car juts out just off the street.INT. POLICE CRUISER - NIGHTTwo cops are sitting, peeling back the wrappers on their
          burgers.COP 1So then I suggest, y'know, we buy
           some things to spice it up a bit.COP 2Define things.36.As they nibble and talk, they pay scant attention to a set
          of headlights coming up the broad avenue.COP 1A garter belt, some of those
           stockings that come up the
           thigh...it's fourteen years. Know
           what I mean?
                         
          The lights come closer...COP 2Yeah. No matter how much you like
           steak, sometime a lamb chop is not
           a bad thing.
                         
          The lights shine right into the car.COP 1Exactly.
                         
          Only then, when the lights are directly on them, do the
          cops turn to see a car heading right toward their front
          end.COP 1What the...CRASH!!!!The front end of the cop car gets sheared right off by the
          impact. Glass shatters, metal crunches, airbags explode!ANGLE ONThe other car. The drivers door opens. A vodka bottle
          falls out, clinks to the sidewalk. And a moment later,
          two legs emerge from the car. Two very long, very shapely
          legs. Legs that never end. In very high heels, and a
          very short mini skirt. And the face on top of it, framed
          by a mane of wild hair, is drop dead think-you-have-died-
          and-gone-to-heaven gorgeous. The whole package reads
          SUPERMODEL. And by the way she is weaving when she stands,
          and the bottle at her feet, the read is; very drunk
          supermodel. Who looks at the crumpled police cruiser,
          looks into the windshield of the cruiser at the stunned
          cops, and says in the most sweetly drunk voice...SUPERMODELOops...
                         
          The cops can't believe this. They regain their wits and
          bolt out of the car.COP 1That's all you have to say? Oops?
                         
          And, ever so sensually, she starts to laugh. The cops
          look at each other, perplexed. And she keeps laughing.37.The cops get pissed.COP 1Funny?
                         
          ...and she keeps laughing.COP 1Wanna laugh you crazy bitch? I'll
           give you something to laugh about!
                         
          And even when they slam her to the hood of the car, jam
          her hands behind her back, and slap the cuffs on, she keeps
          laughing, and laughing.CLOSE ON HER CHESTWHERE A VERY FAMILIAR MEDALLION ON A CHAIN HANGS BETWEENHER EXPOSED CLEAVAGE. A MEDALLION ENGRAVED WITH THECATALEYA ORCHID.IT IS CAT, ALL GROWN UP.INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTA quiet night in the small station. Cat stands in front
          of the booking desk, so drunk the two cops have to hold
          her up. A surveillance camera over the desk innocuously
          records everything. Cat keeps her head down, her face,
          obscured by her mane of hair.
                         
          As the SERGEANT goes through her purse, finds...SERGEANTNo license, no registration. No
           ID except a library card. Well
           Ms...
                         
          He reads off the library card.SERGEANTValarie Phillips in addition to
           all that...you're being charged
           here with DUI, destruction of police
           property, driving the wrong way on
           a two way street...CATIs that it?SERGEANTUnless you can think of anything
           else you should be charged with.CAT(TIPSY)Wearing no panties?38.The Sergeant and the arresting cops holding her up give
          her a long look, as do any of the other cops in ear shot,
          whose eyes go to her very short skirt.SERGEANTThat's not a crime.CATThank goodness.
                         
          And she teeters over, passes out cold right on the
          Sergeant's desk.SERGEANTTake her in the back, lock her up,
           put a cup of coffee in with her.
           Let her sleep it off, we'll book
           her tomorrow.
                         
          The two cops who booked her drag her out. As they do, the
          Sergeant and the two other cops on duty lean over to try
          and get a look up her very long legs and her very short
          skirt.EXT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTThree black SUV's, with blacked out windows, come rolling
          up to the station. The doors open and a dozen U.S. MARSHALS
          jump out. Vigilant, forming a cordon around one of the
          vehicles, out of which comes a hand cuffed, kevlar wearing
          hard as nails MAFIA type. GENNARO RIZZO.
                         
          The Marshal's surround him, guns bristling, on the look
          out for any danger, and hustle him towards the doors of
          the police station.INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTThe station doors slam open. Marshal's barge in. The
          HEAD MARSHAL approaches the surprised Sergeant on the desk,
          flashes his credentials.MARSHALUS Marshal Warren. We have Gennaro
           Rizzo here on an overnight.SERGEANTWho?MARSHALRizzo. The Mafia guy? On the way
           to testify up in San Francisco
           tomorrow? They didn't notify you?SERGEANTHold on a second.
                         
          He rifles through some papers. Finds one.39.SERGEANTHere we go. Says here you're not
           expected until tomorrow.MARSHALNever expect the expected Sergeant.
           (to his men)
           Secure this place.INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHTThe Marshals come down the cell block, checking everything
          out. They pass Cat in her cell, passed out cold, her long
          legs and short skirt slows their progress a bit. After a
          long look, they move on.INT. SECURE CELL - NIGHTRizzo is pushed into a cell. The door is slammed and
          locked.MARSHALOne man here. Two more outside the
           front door. Everyone else on the
           perimeter, in teams of two.
                         
          He hands out thermos bottles.MARSHALIt's a caffeine kinda night fellas.
           Eyes open.INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHTA lone cop passes Cat's cell, doing the nightly rounds.
          As soon as he is gone...ON CATCat's eyes snap open. She sits up, moves with the
          efficiency and determination of someone who has not has a
          drop of alcohol. She takes a spoon from the coffee cup
          left for her, reaches into her mane of hair and extracts a
          small pin. She inserts the pin into the keyhole of the
          door, jiggles it. The door pops open.
                         
          Cat exits the cell, takes a broom leaning in the corner,
          and keeping her eye on the camera above the door, she slides
          along the wall, until she is just under the camera. She
          uses the broom handle to tilt the camera up just a bit.INT. SECURITY MONITORING ROOM - NIGHTOne lone cop sits in front of the various monitors. He
          does not notice that one tilts slightly up, points toward
          a blank wall.40.INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHTCat, under the camera, unlocks the second door, slips out.INT. HALL - NIGHTCat comes into the hall where several vending machines
          lean against the wall. On the far side is a door marked:
          ELECTRICAL. She is about to head for it, when she hears a
          door open at the far end of the hall.ANGLE ON THE DOORAt the far end of the hall. A cop comes in, looks down
          the hall. Where Cat was standing he sees only the vending
          machines. He heads right for the machines. Puts coins in
          the machine, waits for his food.ANGLE ON THE SIDE OF THE MACHINEWhere Cat is pressed hard against the flat surface, inches
          from the cop.
                         
          The sandwich falls, the cop retrieves it, moves off, exits
          down the hall. Cat waits until she hears the door shut on
          the far end of the wall. She crosses quickly to the door
          across the way, enters.CLOSE ON A UTILITY BOX PULLED OPENRevealing the electrical control panel for the station.PULL BACK TOINT. ELECTRICAL ROOM - NIGHTCat stands on a narrow shelf, undoes the last screws on a
          vent in the ceiling with a screwdriver from the tool board
          on one wall.
                         
          Cat drops down, opens the electrical control panel on the
          wall, studies it for a moment, finds the switch she is
          looking for, then turns to the wall of tools, plucks some
          wire, a cutter, a spring.
                         
          Cat sets to work on a jury rigged mechanism with the items
          at hand. When she is finished, she tugs at the waist band
          of her mini skirt, and little by little she stretches a
          thin dun colored leotard suit over her whole body. She
          takes a small plastic vial, fills it with some water from
          the tap, and sets it, just so, above the device she has
          constructed.
                         
          The device is hooked to the switch she selected, a small
          weight hangs from the bottom of it by a wire. She sets
          the water container just so over the spoon from her cell.
          The water begins to drip a drop at a time. She closes the
          panel door, sets her digital watch. Hoists herself up to
          the vent in the ceiling, and is gone.41.CLOSE ON THE JURY RIGGED DEVICEWater dripping into the spoon a drop at a time.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTOnce inside the grate, Cat takes one of the buttons off
          her blouse and presses the top of it. The button becomes
          a pin light, which she clasps between her teeth, starts to
          crawl on her stomach, pulling herself along by her elbows
          and her wriggling hips and knees, the light still between
          her teeth.TRACK WITH CATAs she moves through the maze of ducts. On the way, she
          peers through the grates in each ceiling, down into one
          cell after another, catching various views of inmates asleep
          as she passes over them. Until she comes to a ventilation
          fan blocking the way. The fan blades go round and round.
          Cat looks at her watch, looks at the fan.CLOSE ON THE ELECTRICAL PANELAnd Cat's jury rigged device. The water has almost filled
          the spoon, one more drop, one more drop.CLOSE ON CAT LOOKING AT HER WATCHThe digital counter goes from 4 to 3 to 2 to 1...CLOSE ONThe last drop of water drips into the spoon, the spoon
          tips, tugging on the wire, the wire trips the switch it is
          connected to, the whole device comes apart, the separate
          pieces fall to the floor.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTThe fan stops. The blades slow.INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTThe sergeant at the desk hears the ventilation system go
          off.SERGEANTHey Doyle!
                         
          He calls to one of the other cops on duty.SERGEANTGo take a look at the breaker on
           the ventilation system, will ya?
                         
          Doyle moves off.42.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat watches the blades of the vent fan slow. When they
          have completely stopped she starts to move herself through
          the very narrow space between the now stilled blades, feet
          first.INT. ELECTRICAL ROOM - NIGHTDoyle enters the room, opens the electrical panel. The
          spoon, the weight, the spring, and the wire, fall to the
          floor. Doyle looks at them curiously for a moment.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat is half way through the fan blades.INT. ELECTRICAL ROOM - NIGHTDoyle looks at the switches, going down the printed list
          on the door, trying to locate the right one.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat is almost through.INT. ELECTRICAL ROOM - NIGHTDoyle finds the switch that corresponds to the ventilation
          system.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat's neck passes through the fan blades. Slow going.INT. ELECTRICAL ROOM - NIGHTDoyle hits the switch for the ventilation system.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat is just through, when the blades start moving, brush
          against her forehead, as she makes it to the other side
          with no time, and no room to spare.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat comes to a vent, looks down, begins to loosen the vent
          screws.INT. BATHROOM - NIGHTCat drops down into a bathroom. Looks at her watch. Sits
          down, waiting.INT. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY - NIGHTRizzo is asleep in his cell. The Marshal on duty finishes
          his coffee. Looks at Rizzo.43.Then walks over to the door at the end of the wall. He
          hits a buzzer on the wall.INT. SECURITY MONITORING ROOM - NIGHTThe cop manning the bank of monitors, wakes up, sees the
          Marshal in the monitor.MARSHAL(OVER INTERCOM)Gotta pee.
                         
          The monitor hits a button.INT. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY - NIGHTThe door buzzes open. The Marshal passes through.INT. HALL - NIGHTThe Marshal pushes the bathroom door open. Enters.INT. BATHROOM - NIGHTThe Marshal finishes peeing, zips himself up. Turns.
          Right into a devastating reverse wheel kick.INT. SECURITY MONITORING ROOM - NIGHTThe cop on duty hears a buzz, looks up to the bank of
          monitors, and sees the Marshal standing at the door.
          Thinking nothing of it, he hits the buzzer.INT. HALL - NIGHTCat, propping the unconscious Marshal up, hides behind
          him. As the door buzzes, she maneuvers the body around,
          pushes through. On the other side, she drops the body,
          and takes his gun.INT. SECURITY MONITORING ROOM - NIGHTOn the monitor it looks like the Marshal is passing through.INT. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY - NIGHTRizzo is half asleep, when the barrel of a gun taps him on
          the head. He opens his eyes slowly to...CATUnbutton your shirt.RIZZOWhat...?CATNow.44.Rizzo looks over to where the Marshal is passed out cold
          on the floor. He does as he is told.RIZZOWho the hell are you?CATNot room service.
                         
          She pumps four bullets into his head.INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTBAMBAMBAMBAM!!!The four shots reverberate throughout the station.EXT. POLICE STATION PERIMETER - NIGHTBAMBAMBAMBAM!!!!Two patrols of two Marshal's each hear the shots.INT. SECURITY MONITORING ROOM - NIGHTBAMBAMBAMBAM!!!The monitor wakes up.INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTCops and Marshal's, guns drawn, come running.INT. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY - NIGHTThe knocked out Marshal comes to. Finds a gun in his hand.
          Doesn't get it, until he looks over to see Rizzo, with his
          face blown off.INT. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY - NIGHTThe door flies open and the Marshal's and cops come pouring
          through, to find the Marshal with the gun in his hand and
          the dead Rizzo.COPSDrop it!!
                         
          The Marshal is frozen, totally confused.MARSHALDrop it, Joe!!!!!
                         
          More guns. More confusion. Tension beyond the moon.MARSHALI didn't do it!45.COPSDrop it!!!!
                         
          The Marshal drops his gun.COPSOn the floor!MARSHALCall a bus!FROM THE POV OF SOMEONE ELSE.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat looks through the vent over the cell. Sees the wobbly
          confused Marshal with the gun in his hand, hears feet coming
          fast.EXT. ROOF OF POLICE STATION - NIGHTCat comes climbing out of a ventilation duct onto the roof.
          She looks out over the side of the building. Marshal's
          stationed outside are running into the building.
                         
          Cat takes off running.INT. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY - NIGHTThe cops are cuffing the Marshal.MARSHALGuys! I didn't do it!!!MARSHAL 1Ambulance on the way!
                         
          Another Marshal is checking Rizzo.MARSHALHe's gone.SERGEANTSearch the place!EXT. ROOF OF POLICE STATION - NIGHTCat is running as fast as she can.INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTCops and Marshals are running through every room, checking
          everywhere.EXT. ROOF OF POLICE STATION - NIGHTCat reaches another air vent, so about to pry it off when
          she hears...46.INT. DOORWAY - NIGHTCops running up the stairs, headed for a door above them.EXT. ROOF OF POLICE STATION - NIGHTCat hears the door begin to open. She bangs her high heels
          together. And two blades come out of the front. She sees
          the door knob turning. She runs for the roof's edge.AND VAULTS OVER THE SIDE!INT. DOORWAY - NIGHTThe cops burst through the door to...EXT. ROOF OF POLICE STATION - NIGHTThe cops pour onto the roof, looking around, guns drawn.ANGLE ON CAT ON THE SIDE OF THE BUILDINGClinging to the wall like a gekko. The dun colored wall
          blending with her dun colored suit. How is she doing this?CLOSE ON CAT'S SHOESThe blades fitted into the seam between the bricks. Her
          fingertips clinging to the small lip on the bottom of the
          roof's edge.ABOVE HERThe cops look around the roof.ON CATShe holds there listening to the noise above. Hears noise
          below, looks down to see...EXT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTCops searching the alley below.ON CATHanging to the edge of the building. Listening, watching.EXT. ROOF OF POLICE STATION - NIGHTThe cops, finding nothing, head back out the door. A moment
          later...CLOSE ON THE ROOF LEDGECat's hand reaches up.ON CAT47.When one hand has a firm grasp on the roof ledge, she lets
          go with the other hand and grasps the ledge, extracts the
          blades from the brick seams, and swings herself up on the
          roof. As her shoes dislodge, some mortar comes loose and
          falls below.ON THE COPS BELOWThe crumbling mortar falls on the head of one cop, he looks
          down, sees the crumbly gravel, looks up, sees nothing.EXT. ROOF OF POLICE STATION - NIGHTCat lands on the roof, lays still.ON THE COP BELOWHe examines the gravel, looks up again. And then moves
          on.EXT. ROOF OF POLICE STATION - CONTINUOUSCat pries the vent cover off, slips in.INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTCops are checking every cell in the men's block.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat is crawling along as fast as she can.INT. POLICE STATION - NIGHTThe cops come to the entrance of the woman's cell block.INT. AIR DUCTS - NIGHTCat comes to the vent in the hallway.INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHTThe cops open the door to the women's cell block.INT. CELL - NIGHTCat runs. Begins to pull at her leotard.INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHTThe cops look at the women's cells, heading right toward
          Cat's. As they reach Cat's, the same cop who did the rounds
          at the beginning of the night looks into her cell. Cat is
          laying on her side, away from them, dead asleep, in the
          same position she was when the cop first checked on her.
          The cops pause for a moment, then move on.CLOSE ON CAT48.Her eyes are wide open. She listens for the outer door
          closing, and then she breathes out, relieved.EXT. CITY MORGUE - NIGHTAn ambulance pulls up, along with the Marshal contingent
          in their SUV's. The Marshal's spill out of the SUV's as a
          gurney with a corpse is wheeled into the morgue.INT. MORGUE - NIGHTAs the Marshal's stand around, the Police Coroner begins
          to unbutton the shirt of Rizzo the corpse.CORONERWhat the fuck?HIS POVOn Rizzo's chest the word TRAITOR is written in thick black
          letters. And above them, a drawing of the Cataleya orchid.
          The Marshal's knows what this is.MARSHALHoly shit! Call Ross.EXT. SMALL AIRPORT - MORNINGThe door of a small jet opens and MARCUS ROSS, 48, a keen
          eyed, no nonsense all business FBI agent, followed by a
          team of similarly focused men and women, exits down the
          stairs to...MARSHALAgent Ross?ROSSWhere is he?MARSHALAt the hospital.ROSSLet's go.EXT. POLICE STATION - MORNINGReporters are gathered, trying to gain access. The police
          are keeping them out.INT. POLICE STATION - MORNINGOver the clamor of reporters outside, Cat is just finishing
          with her finger printing, wipes off as much of the ink as
          she can. The Sergeant hands over her library card.CATI shouldn't drink.49.SERGEANTNo you shouldn't.CATI'm so so sorry.SERGEANTTell it to the judge at your hearing
           in ten days.CATWhat's going on out there?
                         
          Alluding to all the commotion she sees through the window
          looking out into the main room.SERGEANTNothing. Fill out the forms and
           you can go.CATReally?SERGEANTReally. We need to get things
           organized. But don't worry, the
           judge will send you back, for sure.CATI probably deserve it.
                         
          He hands her a sheaf of papers and a pen. As the pen hits
          the paper.CLOSE ON RIZZO'S PAINTED STOMACHPULL BACK TOINT. MORGUE - MORNINGRoss, with his team standing off his shoulder, looks down
          at the stomach.ROSSSame handwriting. Same flower.
           It's him. Let's see the location.INT. POLICE STATION - MORNINGCat hands the paper work over to the sergeant.SERGEANTYou're lucky no one was hurt.CATI would have never forgiven myself.
                         
          Keeping her back to the security camera overhead, Cat
          collects her things and exits. As the door closes...50.A DOOR TO AN SUV OPENS...EXT. POLICE STATION - MORNINGRoss exits the SUV to the crowd of reporters.REPORTERSIs it Rizzo? Was it an
           assassination? Are there any clues?
           Is it true a Marshal did it?ROSSNo comment.
                         
          Ross sees cops coming and going from the station. He turns
          to the Marshal with him.ROSSYou didn't lock it down?MARSHALIt was after the fact. I didn't
           think...
                         
          Ross cannot believe what he is hearing.ROSSDo it. Now. No one in or out.ANGLE ON CATExiting the station. Ross and his team sweep past her.MARSHALOK! That's it. No one in or out!
           Lock down!
                         
          Cat just keeps walking, right past Ross, who heads into
          the station as the cops try to keep the reporters at bay.ANGLE ON CATWalking away from the pandemonium she is leaving behind.
          As it recedes over her shoulder, she picks at her fingers
          where the fingerprinting ink has stained them. Her prints
          come off! She drops the fake prints down a sewer and keeps
          walking.INT. PROTECTIVE CUSTODY - MORNINGRoss scrutinizes Rizzo's cell as his team takes prints,
          photos, sweeps the cell for evidence.ROSSI want to see paper on everyone in
           and out of the station in the last
           twenty four hours.
                         
          He looks up to the end of the hall.51.ROSSAnd I want the tapes from the
           security cameras.CLOSE ON LOCKER OPENINGPULL BACK TOINT. BUS STATION - DAYCat extracts a knapsack from the locker, heads for the
          woman's bathroom.INT. BATHROOM STALL - DAYCat tugs at her hair. The wild mane comes off to reveal
          her straight hair, which she pulls back in a pony tail.
          She begins to strip out of her mini skirt.INT. BUS STATION - DAYCat dressed in jeans, a scuffed leather jacket, a baseball
          cap, with the brim pulled low over her eyes, with her pony
          tail sticking out of the back, the knap sack on her
          shoulder, waits on line to board the bus. She keeps her
          back to the security camera, has her phone to her ear. A
          number is ringing.INT. EMILIO'S HOUSE - DAYEmilio, fifteen years older, is watching a soccer game,
          picks up the phone. In the kitchen, Mama is cooking.EMILIOAre we good?INTERCUT BETWEEN THE TWOCat moves up the line to board the bus.CATWe're good.EMILIOWhen are you back?CATDay after.EMILIOI have something.CATThe morning after OK?EMILIOCan't wait to see you Cara.52.CATSay hello to Mama.
                         
          He looks over to Mama at the stove, who waves over her
          shoulder.EMILIOMama says hello back.
                         
          He hangs up, goes back to his game.INT. BUS STATION - DAYCat boards the bus. The doors close behind her.
                         
          As the camera ZOOMS up, and the bus pulls out onto the
          road...ROSS V.O.See?INT. POLICE STATION - DAYRoss is pointing up at the camera Cat tilted.ROSSHe tilted the camera just enough
           so the angle would catch the guard,
           not who was holding him.
                         
          He turns to his team.ROSSTwenty two murders in four years
           all with the same M.O. The word,
           the flower. He's sending a message,
           for sure. And I'm beginning to
           think it's not to us.AGENT 1But we're the only ones with the
           information.ROSSAnd we're not getting anywhere
           with it, are we?
                         
          No one on the team can dispute this. It occurs to Ross...ROSSIf the message is not for us, let's
           make sure the one it's intended
           for gets it. I want you to put it
           out to the press. Splash it across
           every newspaper, every magazine.
           National. I want eyeballs on it
           coast to coast. Monitor it. Let's
           see if anything comes back.53.EXT. UPSCALE RESIDENTIAL NEW ORLEANS NEIGHBORHOOD - DAYA Lincoln town car comes down the leafy, quiet street of
          well kept homes. Stops at a gate guarded by two men, who
          wave him through.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYThe car ends up in front of a very impressive house, which
          sits at the end of a long driveway. Toward the era of the
          walled property, a garage, and a guest house. MR. RICHARD,
          in a suit and tie, looking like a proper mid level
          government official, or a lawyer, exits, newspaper in hand.
          As he approaches the front door, Richard looks over to see
          two more guards, off to the side. He nods to them, knows
          them. They nod back.
                         
          Richard approaches the front door, knocks. While he is
          waiting, he looks down at the paper.
                         
          The door opens.MARCOMr. Richard...
                         
          Richard looks up to a fifteen year older Marco.MARCOBeen a long time.RICHARDYes it has Marco. How's the hand?
                         
          Marco holds up his scarred hand.MARCOOnly hurts when it's humid.RICHARDShould've let us relocate you to
           Arizona instead of New Orleans.MARCOThe Boss likes it humid.RICHARDThere it is then.MARCOHe's waiting for you.
                         
          Richard enters. The door closes.INT. SALON - DAYDon Luis stares out a bay window, drink in hand.RICHARDHello Luis.54.Don Luis turns.DON LUISHello Mr. Richard.RICHARDI brought you the morning paper.
                         
          He holds the paper up.CLOSE ON A PICTURE OF DEAD RIZZO ON THE FRONT PAGE.DON LUISI've seen it.RICHARDAnd...?DON LUISCoincidence.RICHARDCoincidence? Twenty two times? A
           flower that only grows in one place
           on earth? That used to be the
           calling card of...what was his
           name? Your former partner? The
           one who did your wet work?DON LUISFabio. Fabio Maria Restrepo. But
           I don't understand? Why come here
           with this?RICHARDBecause when we find the end of a
           string we like to know where it
           begins.DON LUISString? Now we are talking about
           string? I'm not a tailor.RICHARDDon Luis. Let's cut to the chase
           here, OK? When the Agency extracted
           your ass from Colombia fifteen
           years ago, and set you up here, we
           let you resume your business when
           what we should have done was lock
           you up for life. In exchange, you
           were supposed to keep the
           information flowing.DON LUISAnd I have.55.RICHARDNot much, and not for a very long
           time.DON LUISAnd this is what you traveled all
           the way down here to tell me?RICHARDNo. What I traveled all the way
           down here to tell you, is there's
           a limit to our patience. The CIA
           is not an amusement park. There
           are no free rides. Everyone pays
           their way. And you, my friend,
           have not.DON LUISOK OK. What would you want?
                         
          He slaps the newspaper down with the picture of Rizzo.DON LUISI had nothing to do with this. I
           swear.RICHARDThen find out who does.
                         
          As he goes to leave.RICHARDAnd Don Luis, don't play the
           innocent with us. It won't sit
           well with my bosses if we find out
           you had anything to do with this.
           Have a good day.
                         
          Richard exits.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYRichard walks to his car, observed by...INT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYDON LUISShe's talking to us.MARCOIt could be anyone.
                         
          Don Luis reaches out, fast as a Cobra, grabbing Marco by
          the lapel, pulling him close.DON LUISIdiot! I told you. Everyone dead.
           Down to the dog.(MORE)56.DON LUIS (CONT'D)You screwed up the first time.
           Now go fix it. Find her.(BEAT)Before she finds us.CLOSE ON A BUS DOOR OPENSCat steps off the bus. Looks around to...EXT. CHICAGO BUS STATION - DAYThe total full on crush of people that a major metropolitan
          bus terminal holds. She sees a surveillance camera tucked
          in a corner. She pulls the brim of her hat low over her
          eyes, takes off into the crowd.EXT. CHICAGO STREET - DAYCat comes to a non descript high rise. She enters.INT. CAT'S APARTMENT - DAYCat enters a completely bare bones dwelling, there is
          nothing that identifies the person who lives here. White
          bare walls, a table with one chair, a single bed. Along
          one wall, a cabinet. On the window sill a single Cataleya
          orchid. Cat waters the orchid.
                         
          Cat opens the cabinet to three computer screens. Two of
          them are divided into quarters and show various views of
          the building entrance, the lobby, the stairway, the
          elevator, the hallway.
                         
          The third screen is dark, until Cat hits a button and music
          fills the apartment. Music with a heavy sensual back beat.
          French Rap. Ooh la la. And the screen pulses and glows
          in time to the beat. Cat's body responds to the music,
          moving sexy, her shoulders rolling, her hips swaying.IN CUTSCat sashays across the open space, a stripper strutting
          her stuff; shedding, first her blouse, then her jeans, her
          lingerie, until, by the time she reaches a free standing
          opaque cylinder of a shower with an opaque shower curtain,
          she is completely nude. She enters the shower. Turns on
          the water.
                         
          Like a snake shedding a skin, she lets the water divest
          her of everything that came before.ROSS V.O.Since each and every one of the
           victims was a professional bad
           apple...CLOSE ON A PICTURE OF RIZZO BEING PINNED TO A WALL57.ROSS V.O.We've narrowed motive down to
           payback or preemptive.PULL BACK TOINT. FBI OFFICE - DAYRoss has just pinned up Rizzo's picture on a wall filled
          with twenty two other deceased, all with words and a
          CATALEYA ORCHID imprint on their stomach's. He turns to
          face his team.ROSSRizzo here...
                         
          He points to Rizzo on the wall.ROSSThe most recent, was done to keep
           him from talking. Alexa
           Milshinova...
                         
          Points to a gorgeous dead woman with the word GRIFTER on
          her stomach.ROSS...made a career of getting intimate
           with big stakes gamblers out of
           Vegas and then taking them off and
           sending them to meet their maker.
           D'Angelo James...
                         
          Points to a huge black man with USURPER written in white
          letters across his chest.ROSS...tried to take over the heroin
           trade in Houston from...
                         
          He points to two Mexicans, identical twins, one with PAY
          written on his chest, the other with the word BACK...ROSSThe Gemini cartel. Their crimes
           are self explanatory, if you can
           read. Now I know some of you are
           thinking whoever is doing this
           makes less work for mother. And
           since there's no collateral damage,
           why are we wasting valuable manpower
           and resources on the case? And
           since until now, there has never
           been a clue to go on, why go on?
           But with this last killing...
                         
          He holds up a stack of folders from his desk.58.ROSSWe have one. As we go to the video
           tape.
                         
          He hits a button and the video replay of Cat walking the
          unconscious guard through the door.ROSSWe can't see the assassin, but we
           can see...
                         
          He freezes the tape. Points to the time mark on the tape.ROSSThe time. 2 AM. Which means our
           perp was in the station at...I
           don't have to spell it out for
           you.
                         
          He begins to hand the folders out.ROSSThese are the names, phone numbers
           and addresses of everyone with a
           pulse who entered that police
           station before two AM. Cops,
           criminals, clerks, janitors.
           Everyone. One of them is our
           target. I want each of you to
           locate the ten people in the folder
           you've been given. I want a
           complete dossier on every one of
           them for the last ten years of
           their lives. Run down every lead.
           Check out every story. Our killer
           is out there. And we're going to
           find him. Before he kills again.THE CITY OF CHICAGO.As an elevator train rumbles by below...EXT. STREET - NIGHTAn elevator train rumbles by above.PAN DOWN TOA car parking. And DANNY DELANEY, preoccupied, a pleasant,
          easy going, good looker at 28, closes the door, and walks
          to the entrance of his low slung apartment building. He
          enters.INT. DANNY'S HALLWAY - NIGHTDanny puts his key in the door, finds that it is unlocked.
          He pauses, then enters.59.INT. DANNY'S APARTMENT - NIGHTDanny enters his darkened apartment. Goes to turn on the
          switch...VOICEDon't move.
                         
          Danny's hand freezes. He stands very still.VOICETake off your shirt.DANNYDo I have to?VOICENow.
                         
          Danny complies.VOICETurn around.
                         
          He does. To darkness. And then, a match is struck, a
          candle is lit. Standing before him, in garters, thigh
          highs, a very sexy bra, and fuck me pumps is...CATHello Danny.DANNYHello Jennifer.
                         
          Cat closes to an inch of him.DANNYYou should have called.CATWhy?DANNYI could have been out.CATI have a key.DANNYI could have been late.
                         
          She begins to kiss him, lightly around the mouth.CATI've got nowhere to go.DANNYIt's just...60.CATJust what?
                         
          She keeps kissing him, lightly on the neck...DANNYYou show up whenever you want to...CATAnd then we have the most incredible
           sex.(BEAT)Ever.DANNYI know. I'm just saying...
                         
          He fumbles for the words.DANNYWouldn't you like to go to dinner
           sometime?
                         
          She keeps nibbling.CATUh-uh. This taste good enough.DANNYOr a movie?
                         
          Licking him.CATNo. They put me to sleep.DANNYSo let's pop in a DVD and you can
           spend the night here?
                         
          She stops. Looks him in the eye.CATWould you like the key back?DANNYNo. I just want to get...I don't
           know...CATCloser?
                         
          She resumes nibbling on his neck.DANNYYes. Closer.
                         
          She runs her nails down his chest, slowly, teasing. Her
          hand finds his groin. What she finds makes her smile.61.CATIs this close enough?DANNY(SMILES)...Yes.
                         
          She gently lowers his hands to his sides, holds them there.
          Kisses him deeply. Pushes him down onto the floor. And
          lowers herself on top of him. A small moan escapes his
          lips as she takes him inside her.FADE TOINT. DANNY'S APARTMENT - DAWNDanny wakes. His face holds the smile of the memory of
          the night before. He turns his head, lazily. The pillow
          beside him is empty.DANNYJen...?
                         
          Cat is gone. Danny's smile fades.EXT. ELEVATOR TRAIN - MORNINGEmilio walks down the stairs, carrying a shopping bag.
                         
          TRACK WITH HIM ALONG THE STREET. Until he comes to a
          Laundromat.INT. LAUNDROMAT - MORNINGEmilio loads laundry from the shopping bag into a machine,
          puts in the coins, then sits down on a bench to watch the
          cycle. Seems to talk to himself.EMILIOSafe?
                         
          And then we see he is talking to...CATOn my end. You?EMILIOSafe.CATWhat do we have?
                         
          Emilio takes a manila envelope out of the bag. Places it
          on the seat next to him. Cat picks it up, looks through
          it.62.EMILIOYou remember the guy who was in
           the news for running that Ponzi
           scheme about a year ago?CLOSE ON A MAGAZINE PULLED FROM THE ENVELOPEThe cover features WILLIAM WOOGARD, 45, the most unassuming,
          baldheaded, pudgy faced man, a nerd. Under the headline:PREDATOR.EMILIOHe disappeared fifty billion
           dollars. The money was never
           recovered. Skipped out and bought
           himself citizenship on some shit
           hole of a Caribbean island that
           calls itself a country with no
           extradition laws. Lot of very
           pissed off people lost everything.
                         
          Cat goes to get up.EMILIOThere's something else.
                         
          He slaps the newspaper down with Rizzo's picture on the
          front page.EMILIOHow long has this been going on?CAT(BLUFFING)Not long.EMILIOThe paper says twenty two. All
           like this. Tell me why.CATNo reason.EMILIOSince you're a kid, you don't do
           anything for no reason. Don't
           play dumb, it insults me.CATI've got to get ready.
                         
          As she goes to rise, Emilio grabs her hand.EMILIOIt's not just you in this. It's
           me, Mama.63.CATTio. You're removed. You book
           the work, you collect the fees...EMILIOI watch your ass. Each and every
           job, I vet, I double vet. For
           every one I book you, I turn down
           five, ten. I promised to keep you
           safe. I KEEP YOU SAFE. Cataleya.
           It's a full time job, no matter
           what you think. Those
           pictures...they freaked me out.
           OK? I didn't realize...CATI come to you at nine. I say I
           want to be a killer. What kind of
           kid makes a career choice like
           that unless they have something on
           their mind.(BEAT)I live for the day that the blood
           of the son of bitch who did my
           parents drips in the gutter. Stop
           playing the innocent with me. You
           know this. Forever.EMILIOSure. Of course. But the way
           you're playing it. They even have
           a name for you. The Tag killer.
           I would have stopped it a long
           time ago. Had I known about this.CATWhy?EMILIOBecause I love you.
                         
          Cat smiles. A smile that could melt ice in winter. But a
          knowing smile. A 'Don't bullshit a bullshitter' smile.CATIf you do, you would never have
           let me get involved in the first
           place.
                         
          The truth of her words deprive him of his. She kisses him
          him on the forehead.CATI love you too.
                         
          And she exits, leaving Emilio more concerned. He looks
          down at the picture.CLOSE ON THE ORCHID WHICH MORPHS INTO...64.A REAL CATALEYA ORCHID ON A COMPUTER SCREEN WITH THE WORDCATALEYA BEING TYPED IN THE SEARCH BARPULL BACK TOINT. FBI OFFICE - DAYRoss is at his computer, staring at the screen and the
          orchid, alongside a map of Colombia and the specific region
          where the Cataleya is found. He thinks.ROSSOK. Let's try...organization...
                         
          He types. Data comes up. And what he sees stuns him...
                         
          A folder marked CIA: CONFIDENTAL. ACCESS DENIED.ROSS(FRUSTRATED)Fuck...OVER THE SOUND OF CHIMES...EXT. PEPE'S WAREHOUSE/HOME - DAYA ramshackle warehouse, it's windows streaked opaque with
          years of dust and grime, surrounded by a fence, and a weedy
          garden which is home to dozens of the most unique wind
          chimes of all sizes and shapes, made from scrap metal.
          And two of the biggest, most ferocious dogs on Earth, laying
          on their sides, asleep.
                         
          The dog's ears perk up; hearing something we don't, a low
          growl begins to rumble deep in their throats. The gate to
          the garden begins to open, and like a shot the dogs are
          up, hurling themselves toward the opening gate, eyes
          flashing, barking loud enough to scare the dead back to
          life, fangs bared, ready to kill.
                         
          And then they stop cold when they see who it is coming
          into their domain.REVERSE ON CATHolding two very full shopping bags.CATHi guys.
                         
          And the dogs jump all over her, licking her.CATHey! Hey!
                         
          She pets them, plays with them.CATOK. OK. Now sit.65.The dogs obey her in a heartbeat, sitting expectantly.
          Not making a sound.CATNow let's see what good boys you
           can be.
                         
          She reaches into one of the shopping bags, pulls out two
          roasts!CATTop cut sirloin.
                         
          Which she puts down on the ground. The dog's eyes go to
          the chunks of meat.CATNice, huh?
                         
          The dogs can barely contain themselves.CATRed, juicy, delicious.
                         
          The dogs whimper in anticipation.CATStay.
                         
          She picks up the shopping bags, and heads for the ramshackle
          warehouse. The dogs moan, but do not move, their eyes
          going from the meat to Cat.
                         
          Cat reaches the door. Turns. Sees the dogs looking at
          her.CATGood boys.(BEAT)Eat.
                         
          The dogs pounce. Each one grabs a roast and tears into
          the meat with ferocious, pent up glee. Cat smiles at the
          sight, enters the warehouse.INT. PEPE'S WAREHOUSE/HOME - DAYThe warehouse, is filled with piles of rusting scrap metal,
          the cannibalized carcasses of cars, trucks, shipping
          containers, welding equipment, hammers tongs, all sorts of
          tools. In the corner is one fully built truck, a big red
          monster with huge demolition fenders.
                         
          This is home to OLD PEPE, an ancient, blind man, who is
          working away, building yet another set of oversized chimes
          out of scrap metal.PEPEHola Cataleya.66.CATHola Pepe. I guess the boys gave
           me away.PEPEAnyone else? The barking would
           only have stopped when their
           screaming began. You spoil them.CATI train them.PEPEIf that's what you want to call
           it.
                         
          Cat kisses Pepe, taps one of the chimes, it makes the most
          ethereal sound as one chime bangs against the other. She
          opens a cupboard in the makeshift kitchen area, and starts
          unpacking the groceries.PEPEDid you get the beans I like?CATOf course.PEPEAnd the salsa Verde?CATAnd the salsa Verde.PEPENot the one in the short bottle.CATThe long one.PEPEI hate that other one, the chili
           they use sucks. Did you see your
           uncle?CATOf course.
                         
          She moves from the kitchen, walks across to the far wall.PEPEWe're going to church for Easter.CATAs always.PEPEAnd you?67.CATNot this year.
                         
          Until she reaches a big discarded safe, taller than her,
          with an impregnable door.PEPEAs always. You should, you know.CATI should do a lot of things.
                         
          She turns the combination knob.PEPEYou could start with that one. It
           would make us very happy.CATMaybe next year.
                         
          The door opens, reveals shelves with dozens of passports,
          stacks of cash.PEPECataleya. No one knows what happens
           tomorrow, next year is a long time
           away. How was your trip?
                         
          Cat starts to remove some of the cash. Starts to count
          it. Stick it in her pocket.CATRewarding.
                         
          She takes a passport out.PEPEPassport?CATYour ears are better than my eyes.PEPEYou work too much. I keep telling
           that to Emilio. The girl should
           have a life while she is still
           young enough to enjoy it. You
           should take a vacation. Go some
           place warm. With a nice beach.CATGood idea.
                         
          She slams the big safe door shut.68.EXT. CARIBBEAN ISLAND - DAYFrom the air, surrounded by the bluest of waters. Bestowed
          with the greenest of verdant foliage. Surrounded by
          exquisite beaches.
                         
          A spray of water fills the screen. Comes from...THREE OF THE HOTTEST NYMPHETTES IN THE SMALLEST BIKINISSPLASHING AROUND A SWIMMING POOL HAVING THE BEST TIMESPLASHING WATER AT WILLIAM WOOGARD, AS HE CHASES AFTERTHEM...WILLIAMGRRRAAAHHHH!!!!PULL BACK TOEXT. COMPOUND - DAYAn exquisite villa surrounded by a high wall. As the girls
          clamber out of the pool, ignoring the four armed body guards
          patrolling poolside, they are met by three maids holding
          robes for them to slip into.WILLIAM(SMILING)Hey! I pay to see more, not less.
                         
          The robes disappear.WILLIAMThat's better.GIRLWillie you are such a perv.WILLIAMI know. Anyone hungry?GIRLAlways!
                         
          As William slips into a robe held open for him, he grabs
          the asses of two of the girls...WILLIAMLunch is served.
                         
          Giggling, the girls scamper toward the villa, where a
          sumptuous table is set on the veranda, attended by more
          servants. William is handed a drink, as he sips it, watches
          their perfect, barely covered butts, his eyes pools of
          desire, the servant holds out an envelope.SERVANTFor you sir.69.Perplexed, William takes his eyes off the girls and regards
          the envelope. No return address, no stamps. He opens it,
          and his perplexed look goes to one of concern.CLOSE ON THE NOTEIt says. SOMEONE IS LOOKING FOR YOU. BE CAREFUL. AFRIEND.WILLIAMWhere did this come from?SERVANTIt was in the post box this morning.
                         
          William cannot fathom what this is all about. But he does
          not like it.EXT. CARIBBEAN ISLAND - SUNSETOver hot dance hall music, the sun sets magnificently into
          the shimmering sea...INT. VILLA - EVENINGThe music blasts throughout the villa. Sexy, hot. There
          are several bodyguards stationed all around.INT. SALON - EVENINGTwo of the girls dance erotically for William, who reclines
          on an oversized couch, smoking from a hookah.ANGLE ONThe third girl is out in the foyer, laying on the glass
          floor, which is the top of a large aquarium, where dozens
          of sharks swim back and forth.GIRLHere fishy fishy!
                         
          She taps on the floor, the sharks ignore her.GIRL(POUTY)Willie! They're ignoring me!
                         
          William comes over.WILLIAMPut a drop of blood in there and
           they'll be your biggest admirers.
           All the way down to your stripped
           clean bones. And speaking of
           stripped...
                         
          He lifts her up like a piece of luggage. As she squeals
          with delight...70.WILLIAMBedtime!
                         
          The other girls come running. The party moves up the
          winding staircase. The bodyguards look at each other,
          roll their eyes.INT. VILLA - NIGHTWilliam is at the double doors to his massive bedroom suite,
          the girls are on the bed in the BG jumping around, in the
          skimpiest bra and panty sets, having a pillow fight.WILLIAM(to head of security)
           Bring extra security in for the
           night.HEAD SECURITYYes sir.WILLIAMAnd make sure we're shut down tight.HEAD SECURITYYes sir. Have a good night, sir.WILLIAMI intend to.
                         
          The doors close, and lock. Wild shrieks come from inside.EXT. VILLA - EVENINGA van rolls up to the main gate, half a dozen security men
          exit.HEAD SECURITYThere are already guys in the garden
           and guys out back. I want you
           three upstairs, two on the roof.
           You three downstairs. Follow me.
                         
          As they all enter the villa, the CAMERA lingers on the
          van. A figure dressed in black rolls out from under the
          carriage as it pulls away and disappears into the bushes.QUICK TIME CUTSTwo guards stand outside the bedroom door. Two guards are
          on the stairs. Three guards in the salon. Three more in
          the garden outside.INT. VILLA - NIGHTThe Head of Security goes around the villa checking that
          all the doors and windows are secure. His men are posted
          outside the door to the bedroom, on the stairs, in the
          salon. He closes lights as he goes.71.He walks across the aquarium floor in the foyer to the
          front door, closes the lights, so that only the glow from
          the aquarium lights illuminate the dark. And he exits,
          closing the door behind him, turning the lock.CLOSE ON THE AQUARIUMThe sharks gliding back and forth. And then, a figure in
          a black wet suit, fins and a mask, with a small back back,
          comes gliding into through the sharks. Who just go about
          their business. The figure stops at the edge of the glass
          floor, takes something out of the back pack and very
          skillfully cuts a small hole in one of the glass panels
          that makes up the floor.
                         
          The diver lifts out of the aquarium, pulls back the wet
          suit. It is Cat.
                         
          Cat opens the backpack, removes a silencer fitted pistol.CLOSE ON THE BEDROOM DOORS OPENINGCat enters, silent, closes the door, approaches the bed
          where William is asleep sandwiched between the three passed
          out girls. Empty champagne bottles and glasses are strewn
          about.
                         
          Cat stares down at the scene, points her gun at William.
          One of the girls rolls over onto William, ruining her shot.
          She hesitates.CLOSE ON WILLIAM'S FACEAs sits up suddenly, startled from sleep. No one is in
          the room. He looks around, and notices the bedroom door
          ajar. He is more awake now, sees the Nymphettes sleeping
          soundly. He rises, dressed in a silk sleeping robe. He
          feels something on his chest, goes over to the mirror,
          opens his gown and sees, painted on his chest: In red
          lipstick, the word THIEF, and a drawing of a Cataleya
          orchid. Panic starts to set in.WILLIAMHello?
                         
          No answer.
                         
          William tip toes to the ajar door. He peeks out and sees
          two guards with bullets through their foreheads, blood
          leaked out across the white marble floor. Really panicked,
          he flattens himself against the inside of the door, his
          breath coming in gasps.INT. VILLA - NIGHTWilliam, holding the two guns of the dead guards in front
          of him, makes his way down stairs, past two more dead
          guards. Growing more and more nervous by the moment, he
          tries a light switch on the wall, nothing.72.The only light comes from the ambient glow of the aquarium
          below. He reaches the bottom of the stairs.WILLIAMAnybody?
                         
          No answer. He crosses the aquarium floor, and when he is
          right in the middle...CATStop right there.
                         
          Cat comes out of the dark. In her hand, a silencer fitted
          pistol.WILLIAMWho are you?CATDoesn't matter who I am.
                         
          He pulls the trigger on his gun. Click, click, click. He
          tries the other one. Again click click click.WILLIAMWhat do you want?CATI want you exactly where you are.
                         
          And then, without warning, she puts a bullet in both his
          knees.WILLIAMARRRGGGHHHH!He falls to the floor. The blood starts to seep out onto
          the glass. The sharks swim back and forth.WILLIAMWhatever they paid you, I'll double
           it!CATYou know the thing about sharks.
           You can swim with them all day and
           they will just ignore you, but put
           one drop of blood in the water and
           they become your biggest admirers.WILLIAMPlease. I'll give you anything
           you want. Don't kill me!CATI'm not going to kill you.(BEAT)They are.73.She fires three shots into the glass square he is kneeling
          on. The glass shatters. William falls into the water.
          Grabs onto the squares on either side and props himself
          up. His blood runs down into the clear water. Cat turns
          and walks toward the door.WILLIAMPlease! Please!
                         
          He struggles frantically to pull himself out. Cat exits.
          And then the sharks hit. WHAM! And hit. And hit. And
          hit.WILLIAMPlease! Help! Help!
                         
          He is violently dragged under.CLOSE ONThe front page of a newspaper with a picture of the remains
          of William under the headline: SHARKS EAT SHARK. The
          newspaper drops to reveal Richard at his desk.INT. CIA OFFICE - DAYRICHARDI can't believe this.
                         
          He drops the paper, is about to leave his office when the
          phone on his desk rings. He answers.RICHARDYes?VOICEMr. Steven Richard?RICHARDWho is this?CLOSE ONROSSFBI special agent Jack Ross. I'm
           lead agent on a case. A serial
           killer we call the tag killer.INTERCUTHiding his anger.RICHARDI've seen the publicity.ROSSMarks his victims with a flower.
           From Colombia. A Cataleya orchid.(MORE)74.ROSS (CONT'D)When I try to access information,
           I get stuck with a CIA Access denied
           folder. I understand you were the
           station chief down there when this
           rash of murders with the same MO...RICHARDListen, Agent Ross, we don't give
           out any type of information over
           the phone. So what I suggest is
           you file a formal request with the
           agency for any information you
           might want. And I'll be more than
           happy to get back to you as soon
           as I can.
                         
          He hangs up. Seething.ON ROSSLooking at his phone and the dial tone emittting from the
          handset.ROSSThank you.EXT. MIAMI AIRPORT - DAYA plane lands.INT. MIAMI AIRPORT - DAYPeople disembark. We think Cat is getting off the plane.
          It is Marco and two of his thugs. As he is crossing the
          terminal, he passes a newspaper machine. The headline of
          the paper in the window catches his eye: SHARKS EAT SHARK.
          As he stares at the picture of the dead William, his phone
          rings.MARCOBueno?INT. CAR - DAYA pissed off Richard is on the phone.RICHARDNo more bullshitting me Marco.
           I've got the FBI on my ass now. I
           want that problem taken care of.
           Yesterday. Do you hear me?MARCOLoud and clear.
                         
          The newspaper picture of William being pinned to a board.PULL BACK TO75.INT. FBI OFFICE - DAYRoss turns from pinning up the picture alongside the other
          twenty two, to his team.ROSSWhere are we?AGENT 1We ID'd everyone who came in and
           out of the police station for the
           twenty four hours preceding the
           incident. The only one that we
           could not verify was a...
                         
          He reads.AGENT 1Valarie Phillips. Picked up for
           drunk driving four hours before
           the hit on Rizzo.ROSS(STUNNED)A woman? Are you sure?AGENT 1It's our only lead.ROSSLet's see her booking report.AGENT 2(HESITANT)Well, there was a little problem.
           Seems she was too drunk to get a
           photo.ROSSBut not to get prints.AGENT 1We ran the prints in the data base.
           No match was found.ROSSLovely. So if there is no booking
           record, how did we get the name?AGENT 1A library card. The only ID she
           had was a library card.ROSSI don't believe this.AGENT 1There are the surveillance tapes.76.AGENT 2From three angles.ROSS(HOPEFUL)Well, let's see them.
                         
          The two agents look at each other, even more chagrined.
          One of them pushes a button on the computer. And the three
          angles come up. One has a shot of Cat's face covered by
          her hair, one has a shot of her face covered by her hand,
          and the third one has an angle of her nose.ROSSThat's it?AGENT 1That's it.
                         
          Ross sighs.ROSSIt's not a lot to go on. But put
           them in the data base and let's
           see what matches.
                         
          The agents exit. Ross looks at the pictures on the board.ROSS...a woman.
                         
          Cannot believe it.EXT. MIAMI - LITTLE COLOMBIA - DAYMarco and his thugs enter a small social club/bar.INT. SOCIAL CLUB - DAYA dimly lit place, where strangers are few and suspicious
          looks from the rough men playing pool at the back to able
          and lining the bar are par for the course.
                         
          EDUARDO, a small time hood, lines up a shot with a pool
          cue, when a hand comes down on the ball he is about to
          shoot. He looks up to...MARCOHello Eduardo, que pasa?EDUARDOI have fifty bucks on this shot.
           That's what's que pasa.MARCO(SMILING)Hey sorry. Come on.77.He opens his arms. They hug. Eduardo is friendly, but
          there is a hesitation, a tension in the air. As they break
          marco takes a roll of cash out.MARCOHere. For you.
                         
          He goes to hand it to Eduardo.EDUARDOFor what?MARCOFirst for fucking up your shot.
           Second, for an address. You
           remember Fabio? The Cataleya
           Killer?EDUARDOIt's a long time. My memory...MARCOYou went to school with his brother
           in law. What was his name? Emilio?EDUARDOLike I said...my memory...
                         
          Now the men at the bar are starting to take notice.MARCOI have a problem. And we think
           Fabio's kid is behind it.
                         
          Eduardo takes the roll of bills and puts it in Marco's
          shirt pocket.EDUARDOLook Marco. I gotta be honest
           with you. Everyone knows you guys
           were playing a double game, and
           when the shit went down, you were
           the only ones who got out of it
           clean.
                         
          The men at the bar are now edging closer. One of them has
          a shot gun resting along his leg, inconspicuous, and
          conspicuous at the same time.MARCOSo you do have a memory.EDUARDOYeah. For rats. Now get the fuck
           out, and let me take my shot.MARCOOK...78.Marco looks at Eduardo, who glares at him. Eduardo goes
          to line up his shot. The tension in the room is thicker
          by the moment. As Eduardo is about to hit the ball, Marco
          grabs his hair and slams his forehead into the cue ball.
          At the same moment, Marco's two thugs whip out their guns
          and blast away. The shotgun wielding man, raises his gun,
          and as he is killed by Marco, his blast takes out one of
          Marco's thugs.
                         
          In an instant it is over. Everyone is dead, except Marco,
          one of his thugs, and the dazed Eduardo. Marco notices
          his ear is bleeding, touches it, it pisses him off that
          blood has soiled his white shirt.MARCOFuck...
                         
          Pissed, Marco yanks Eduardo up from the floor and slams
          him onto the pool table. Sticks his gun in his face.MARCOYou don't tell me what I want to
           know by the count of three, you
           scum sucking lowlife prick, your
           memory will be permanently disabled.
           One...two...
                         
          A buzzer sounds...EXT. STREET - NIGHTDanny opens the door to his building.INT. DANNY'S APARTMENT - NIGHTDanny enters to a candle lit room and...CATI brought you something.
                         
          She is in a very sexy lingerie top. Her hands are behind
          her back.DANNYThat's real progress. Let's see.
                         
          She takes her hands out from behind her back, presents him
          with a cute little stuffed alligator.DANNYWow! Just what I always wanted.CATYou're making fun.DANNYNo. No. I mean, a gift from you.
           Something to show me you're thinking
           of me as more than your boy toy.79.CATWell, there's that too.
                         
          She starts to peel off the lingerie.DANNYWait.
                         
          She stops.CATYou don't want me?DANNYOf course I do. But can't we talk
           a little first?CATWhat would you like to talk about?DANNYOh, I don't know. Nothing.
           Anything.CATYou really want to do this?DANNYYes, I do.CAT(AMUSED)OK.She stands there, waiting.DANNYSo...what's new?CATNothing much.
                         
          She stops. Waiting.DANNYWhere have you been?CATOn vacation.DANNYReally? Where?CATDown south.DANNYWhere there are alligators?80.He wiggles the toy.CATThere was that one.DANNYWas it nice?CATIt was OK.DANNYWhat did you do?CATNothing much. A little swimming,
           fed the fish.DANNYOK. Now you.CATNow me what?DANNYConversation. It goes two ways.CATOK. Want to fuck?
                         
          Danny starts to laugh. Cat, caught in the moment, begins
          to laugh as well.DANNYOK. OK. I get it. You want to
           protect yourself. I understand.
           But I'm...I don't just want to be
           here for the sex. I know a lot of
           guys would think this is perfect.
           She comes over, we fuck like mad.
           She leaves. But I need a little
           more.
                         
          She keeps staring, waiting.CATLike what?DANNYLike...uh...some trust maybe.CATThat's a hard one for me.DANNYI got that. I'm not in a hurry.
           And just so you know. The past?
           If it's too painful right now?(MORE)81.DANNY (CONT'D)If you can't talk about? That's
           OK. But, you know, if someone
           hurt you before...like a broken
           heart or something. I'm not
           responsible for that. I just want
           want to be here for you. To know
           a little about what's inside.
           What you feel. Just a little.
                         
          Cat hesitates, standing there half dressed, feelings that
          she never wants to deal with coming to the surface.CATI'm lonely sometimes.
                         
          She stops.DANNY...And?CATIsn't that enough?DANNYIt's a good start.
                         
          He smiles, puts the stuffed animal aside.DANNYNow we can have sex.
                         
          Cat smiles, caught a bit off guard by his sweetness. He
          approaches her, she goes to touch him. He puts her hands
          down, gently.DANNYLet me this time.
                         
          And for the first time, she lets him touch her first.
          Let's him kiss her lips, her neck, and as he goes south,
          kissing as he goes, the CAMERA holds on her face, and for
          the first time she allows herself to receive, to give
          herself over to being the seduced rather than the seducer.
          And she likes it.FADE TO BLACKEXT. CHICAGO - SUNRISEThe city wakes.CLOSE ON DANNYWaking. Turning over, expecting to find no one there.
          Surprise this time. Because there is someone there,
          sleeping peacefully, her face, half covered by her hair,
          bathed in the soft light of dawn...82.Cat.
                         
          Danny smiles, so pleased.INT. KITCHEN - MORNINGDanny puts the finishing touches on a breakfast tray. He
          looks at the stuffed animal she brought him. It warms his
          heart.INT. BEDROOM - MORNINGDanny stands with the breakfast tray, looking at Cat
          sleeping. He cannot quite believe it. He puts the tray
          down, takes his iPhone, points it at her, goes to take a
          picture.REVERSE ON CATShe wakes with a start. To find Danny standing there with
          a breakfast tray, and a big smile on his face.DANNYMorning.
                         
          Cat is disoriented.DANNYI didn't know if you like your
           eggs over easy or scrambled, so I
           made...
                         
          Cat jumps out of bed, starts to dress quickly.DANNYWait...CATI shouldn't have done this.
                         
          Pulls on her jeans.DANNYDone what?CATAny of it.DANNYWhy?CATBecause.DANNYCan we talk about it?
                         
          Pulls on her top.83.CATWe already talked. I'm late.
                         
          Slips into her shoes. Does not answer.DANNYI made breakfast.CATI don't like eggs.
                         
          As she heads for the door, she turns.CATNow you know something else about
           me.
                         
          And with a small smile, she is gone.INT. HALL - MORNINGOutside Danny's door, Cat crosses to the elevator, waits
          for it to come. As she does, she fixes her clothes a bit,
          her eyes on Danny's door.CAT(TO HERSELF)Don't come out. Please. Don't.
                         
          The door doesn't open. The elevator arrives. She takes a
          deep breath, enters. The door closes.EXT. PAINT SUPPLY STORE - DAYCat comes running in.INT. PAINT SUPPLY STORE - DAYCat hurries down the aisle, keeping an eye on the security
          camera. Making sure she stays on the far side, out of
          it's range. She stops in the middle of the aisle, starts
          to examine paint brushes.CATSorry I'm late.ANGLE ON EMILIOStanding next to her, looking at a color chart, hidden
          from the security camera, as is she. He is pissed. He
          has the newspaper with Woogard's picture. He throws the
          paper in her face. Cat is taken aback by a display of
          anger she has never seen in this man before.EMILIOYou said you would stop the writing!
                         
          Then he shoves an article cut from a paper in her face.84.EMILIORead this!
                         
          As she starts...EMILIOSeven people slaughtered in a Miami
           bar. I knew one of them. Years
           ago, in school.CATSo what?EMILIOI don't like it. This is getting
           too close.CATTio. Could be anyone. You're
           seeing things that aren't there.EMILIOAnd you are so blinded by your
           need for revenge that you are not
           seeing things that are. The
           handwriting is on the wall Cara.
           Let me read it to you. This is
           over. I will no longer accept
           jobs. I will no longer solicit
           jobs. You are retired.CATHow many people did you kill in
           revenge for your boy's death? How
           many? And you're going to give me
           a lecture about revenge?EMILIO(CALM)Cara. It's time to get a life,
           before you run out of time. Here.
                         
          He hands her an envelope.EMILIOMaybe this will help you understand
           what I am telling you.
                         
          Emilio leaves first this time. Cat just stands there, her
          world rocked. She opens the envelope, takes out a
          photograph, looks at it.CLOSE ON A PHOTO OF CAT WITH HER PARENTSDressed for her first Communion. Everyone is smiling.
          She is holding a Cataleya orchid bouquet.ON CAT85.Her eyes well up. She can't hold it anymore. She begins
          to cry.VOICEFive six. Brown eyes, hazel really,
           dark hair, thick, shiny...EXT. CAFE - DAYDanny is sitting with his friend RYAN.DANNYGreat body, killer smile.(BEAT)And I think about her all day long.RYANDude, you're in love.DANNYYou're so smart.RYANSeriously. This comes from the
           heart. OK?(BEAT)You're nuts.(BEAT)The girl comes over, strips down,
           rocks your world, gets dressed,
           asks for nothing. Leaves. The
           only thing she doesn't do is bring
           the pizza and beer. You are living
           my dream. And you want to go and
           fuck it up with love?DANNYI knew you were the perfect guy to
           talk about this with.RYANHey come on. It's me. Since first
           grade. You and me?
                         
          He crosses his fingers.DANNYRyan, I'm twenty eight. I met
           someone who I want to be with.
           All the time. I have nothing. A
           stuffed animal.(BEAT)And a picture.RYANYou have a picture?DANNYIn my phone.86.RYANGive it up!
                         
          Danny takes out his iPhone.DANNYIt's not even a whole picture. I
           took it while she was asleep.
                         
          Shows Ryan the picture he took of Cat.CLOSE ON THE PICTURE OF CATAsleep in his bed, with the morning light on her face,
          half hidden by her position and her hair.RYANWhoa...total babe-age! When do I
           meet the future Mrs. Delaney?DANNYHaven't you been listening to me?
           I don't even know how to get in
           touch with her.RYANDude. That is such a no brainer.INT. POLICE HEADQUARTERS - NIGHTRyan and Danny stand beside SHARI, 26, who sits in front
          of her computer, attaching Danny's iPhone to a port.SHARIYou know, if you weren't my
           brother's best friend...RYANYou're doing it for love Shari.
           Not for me. When they walk down
           the aisle, you can say you were
           the one made it happen.DANNYMaybe I shouldn't...SHARIUp to you Danny. I do it all the
           time. Photo goes in here. Bangs
           around the National Data base
           looking for a match. Bingo.
           Address, phone number, shoe size,
           dress size, rap sheet, anything
           you want to know. It's really no
           big deal.DANNYI just feel like, maybe, I'm
           invading her privacy or something.87.SHARIHey guys, I haven't got all day.
           (holds her hand on
           the send button onTHE COMPUTER)Yes or no?
                         
          Danny can't answer.RYANOf course yes.
                         
          He hits the button. Cat's picture appears on the screen
          with the message: BEGIN DOWNLOAD.CLOSE ON THE PROCESSCat's picture gets turned into millions of pixels, which
          start combining and recombining into faces that look like
          her, don't look like her, looking for a match.INT. ROSS'S OFFICE - NIGHTRoss is staring at his Cataleya orchid, looking over his
          reports, frustrated, when his computer screen lights up
          the the following message: DATA MATCH 62%
                         
          And alongside the half assed pictures of Cat from the
          security tapes in the police station, the picture from
          Danny's iPhone starts to form. Ross picks up the phone.ROSS(EXCITED)I want a trace put on an incoming
           transmission!
                         
          Ross continues watching his screen: DATA MATCH PROBABILITY68%.A map comes up on his screen immediately. A grid map of
          the city with a focus finder bringing the search area closer
          and closer. Until the area is identified: One Police Plaza.OVER THE INTONATIONS OF A CHOIR SINGING EASTER MASS...INT. CATHEDRAL - DAYEmilio, Mama and Pepe are sitting in a pew during Easter
          mass. Someone comes up from behind, sits down next to
          them. They turn to Cat. Who smiles, like a child. Emilio
          smiles back. Mama takes Cat's hand, kisses it. They all
          sit and listen to the Mass, like all the other families
          around them.EXT. CATHEDRAL - DAYAs everyone is exiting...88.MAMACara. You will come home for lunch.CATNo Mama. One thing at a time.
                         
          She kisses them and walks off.INT. CAR - DAYEmilio drives.MAMAThat was such a nice surprise.PEPEI knew it would happen.EMILIOEveryone grows up.MAMAI think she's going to be OK.EMILIOI think so.
                         
          As their car pulls into the driveway of the house...FROM SOMEONE ELSE'S POVREVERSE ONINT. CAR - DAYFrom down the street. Watching Emilio, Mama, and Pepe
          enter the house. Marco. And three thugs.INT. FBI OFFICE - DAYOn a larger computer screen, the various pictures of Cat,
          none of them conclusive. As Ross and his team look on...TECHWe need a common base, so let's
           try size...
                         
          He punches his keyboard. The computer screen shuffles the
          pictures until they all match up, one on top of the other.
          And on the screen: SIZE CONFIRMATION: MATCH 96%TECHGood...now let's see...hands...
                         
          He focuses in on the hands on the pictures from the security
          tape and the ones from Danny's iPhone picture. The images
          start moving, matching. And when they are coordinated, on
          the screen: HAND CONFIRMATION: MATCH 95%89.TECHLooking good. And now...
                         
          He types in nose match. Again the pictures shuffle, line
          up. NOSE CONFIRMATION: MATCH 98%TECHNice nose.AND THEN THE MESSAGE COMES UP: MATCH IDENTIFICATION: 100%TECHThat's your girl.CLOSE ON CATIn the shower. The water pelting her face.AS THE CAMERA WATCHES HER, IT FEELS LIKE SOMEONE ELSE ISTHERE WATCHING TOO.INT. CAT'S APARTMENT - DAYCat, outside the shower.AGAIN, THE CAMERA WATCHES HER AS IF THERE IS SOMEONE ELSETHERE. THIS BEGINS TO FEEL A LITTLE CREEPY. VERY TENSE.INT. CAT'S APARTMENT - DAYCat, in a bra and panties, walks across to the kitchen,
          pours a drink. Downs half of it, then refills the glass.AND STILL, THERE IS THIS FEELING SOMEONE IS THERE, WATCHING.THAT AT ANY MOMENT, SOMEONE IS GOING TO POUNCE.INT. CAT'S APARTMENT - DAYCat sits by the living room window. Takes the last drop
          of the drink. As she looks out on the night sky, she lights
          a cigarette. Feeling so alone. She takes one drag on the
          cigarette, stubs it out. She takes the picture of herself
          and her parents, looks at it, sighs deeply. A tear forms.
          Her loneliness, her sense of isolation grows. For the
          first time, she seems a bit lost.INT. DANNY'S APARTMENT - DAYDanny sits by his window, also feeling a bit lost, and
          also, so lonely. He stares at the picture of Cat on his
          phone. When the phone rings.DANNYHello?INTERCUTCATIt's me.90.Danny's heart goes to his throat.DANNYOh my god! I can't believe it!
           Hello you.INT. ROSS'S OFFICE - DAYRoss's computer bings. Danny's name and number come up
          with the message: CALL ACTIVE. Ross looks up.INT. CAT'S APARTMENT - DAYCATAre you busy?INTERCUTDANNYNo. I...no.CATI was just sitting here, looking
           out the window. And I
           thought...where are you?INT. ROSS'S OFFICE - DAYRoss and his team are listening to the call on an intercom.
          On the screen a tracer is looking for the location of the
          call.INTERCUTDANNYIn my apartment. Looking out the
           window.CATSo we're seeing the same sky.
                         
          ROSS watches the search narrow...DANNYYes. I'm so happy to hear your
           voice.NARROW...CATAnd I'm happy to hear yours.UNTIL A RED BLINKING CIRCLE APPEARS ON THE MAP AROUND ONEBUILDINGROSSWe got her! I want SWAT there!
           All of them! Now!91.Ross and his team run out of their office. AND WE AREBACK TO...DANNYYou know it's so crazy. I was
           just sitting here, looking at your
           picture, thinking "I'd wish I could
           call her." And you called.
                         
          Cat's antenna go up.CAT...What picture?
                         
          Danny gulps hard, realizing he has made a mistake.DANNYI'm sorry. I know I shouldn't
           have. But I have nothing to
           remember you by, except this little
           stuffed...CAT(TIGHT)What picture Danny???DANNYI took a picture of you while you
           were sleeping. With my phone.
                         
          Cat leaps out of her chair, on full alert now. She opens
          her cabinet to the four screens.DANNYJen. I'm sorry. Really. I didn't
           mean to offend you.
                         
          Cat attaches a device to her computer. Does not respond.DANNY...it's just you looked so cute.
           I can erase it if you want. It's
           not even a good picture...Jen?
                         
          Cat is not listening, she is looking at a message flashing
          across the screen. THIRD PARTY ON LINE.CAT(NERVES KEENING)Who else saw the picture?
                         
          Cat flips the switch on her surveillance screens.DANNYNobody. My friend Ryan...CATWho else?92.DANNYHis sister. I didn't want to..it's
           just...I wanted to contact you. I
           wanted to...CAT(HARD)What does the sister of Ryan have
           to do with this?DANNYShari, that's Ryan's sister...she
           works at Police headquarters...
                         
          And now Cat knows everything.DANNYI just wanted to be...
                         
          On her surveillance screens, Cat sees FBI SWAT pulling up
          to the building.CATCloser. I know. Goodbye Danny.
                         
          Cat hangs up, rushes into the bathroom, turns the shower
          on full blast. Hurrying out, on her screens, she sees the
          SWAT swarming into the building. Cat opens a cabinet. On
          the back of the door are a dozen keys. She chooses one.
          She checks the screens one more time, sees the SWAT rushing
          the stairs, the elevators. She turns off her screens.
                         
          And runs out of the apartment in her t-shirt and panties.
          Barefoot.INT. STAIRCASES - DAYThe SWAT are running up the stairs.INT. ELEVATOR - DAYThe SWAT led by Ross are watching the elevator numbers
          climb.INT. HALL - DAYCat reaches the stairs just as the elevator is reaching
          her floor. She ducks down the stairs as the elevator door
          opens, and Ross and his team step out, guns raised,
          exercising extreme caution, keeping very quiet.INT. STAIRCASES - DAYCat takes the stairs two at a time.INT. STAIRCASES - DAYThe SWAT comes running up the stairs, two at a time.93.QUICK CUTS BETWEEN CAT AND THE SWAT. SHE GOING DOWN, THEYARE COMING UP. AND JUST WHEN THEY ARE ONE FLOOR APART,WHEN IT SEEMS THAT THEY ARE GOING TO COLLIDE, RUN INTOEACH OTHER...CAT EXITS THE STAIRS ON THE SIXTH FLOOR.A MOMENT LATER THE SWAT COME RUNNING BY WHERE SHE EXITED.INT. HALL - DAYSwat 1 listens at Cat's door. Ross is at the end of the
          corridor.SWAT 1(whispers, on mic)
           Shower.
                         
          Ross signals for a scope. SWAT 2 takes a flex cam, and
          begins to slide it under the door.INT. SIXTH FLOOR HALL - DAYCat comes to a door, uses her key to open it. She enters
          to...INT. APARTMENT - DAY...a guy eating his lunch in front of the TV.GUYHey!
                         
          He reaches out to grab her. Cat grabs his hand and slams
          his face into his tray of food, knocking him cold.INT. HALL - DAYRoss watches the screen as the flex cam shows the interior
          of Cat's apartment.INT. BATHROOM - DAYCat pulls down a camouflaged hinged door in the ceiling.
          On it, is a harness, with several things attached, guns,
          charges, thick metal clips. She slips into the harness.INT. HALL - DAYRoss's team goes from apartment to apartment. Knocking.AGENT 1FBI...INT. HALL - DAYOn the video cam, Ross is seeing nothing in Cat's apartment.
          He points to one of the SWAT, signals for him to set charges
          against the door. The man begins to do so.94.INT. BATHROOM - DAYCat is setting charges in a rectangular pattern on the
          rear bathtub wall.INT. HALL - DAYThe agents at an apartment door...AGENT 1No ma'am everything is under
           control. We just need you to stay
           inside. May we have a look around?
                         
          As the FBI enters...INT. BATHROOM - NIGHTCat has finished setting her charges. She looks up at the
          ceiling, listens.INT. HALL - DAYRoss's man has finished setting the charges. He looks at
          Ross. The rest of the team fingers their weapons.INT. BATHROOM - DAYCat waits, looking up.INT. HALL - DAYAn FBI agent knocks on the door of the apartment she has
          just entered.INT. HALL - DAYRoss give the go ahead nod. The SWAT hits his detonator.
          At the same moment that his charges explode...INT. BATHROOM - DAYCat hits hers...BOOM!INT. HALL - DAYCat's door blows open, the SWAT flood in.INT. BATHROOM - DAYA perfect rectangle is blown in the wall, revealing utility
          pipes.INT. CAT'S APARTMENT - DAYRoss and his crew swarm all over the place. Find the
          shower, empty.95.INT. BATHROOM - DAYCat has attached the hooks from the harness to the pipes.INT. CAT'S APARTMENT - DAYRoss barks into his walkie talkie.ROSSShe's not here. Lock the building
           down!INT. BATHROOM - DAYCat lets go. And drops.TRACK CAT AS SHE SLIDES AT A FANTASTIC SPEED DOWN THEUTILITY POLESINT. CAT'S APARTMENT - DAYRoss is looking at the bank of security monitors in Cat's
          cabinet, sees all his men, all over the place, inside the
          building, outside.ROSSWhere the hell did she go?INT. SHAFT - DAYCat lands on the floor, next to door. She unhooks herself
          from the pipes, and pushes out the door. Enters through
          to the...INT. GARAGE - DAYCat looks around, listens, and then begins to make her way
          across the garage, using the parked cars as cover from the
          security cameras.INT. BUILDING - DAYRoss leads his men as they scour the building.ROSSNo one in or out! Lock this place
           down! Anyone?EXT. BUILDING - DAYAGENT 1Nothing here.INT. HALL - DAYAGENT 2Nothing here.96.INT. GARAGE - DAYCat reaches an open space where cars just cannot shield
          her. There are two security cameras covering it. Cat
          draws one of her silencers and shoots the lens out of one
          camera.INT. SECURITY OFFICE - DAYAn agent is standing next to the building security guard,
          when one camera goes out.ROSS V.O.Anything?AGENT 1Nothing...wait...one security camera
           down.INT. ELEVATOR - DAYRoss pauses.INT. GARAGE - DAYCat shoots the second camera. Heads across the open space,
          quickly.INT. SECURITY OFFICE - DAYAGENT 1The second one is down.ROSSWhere?AGENT 1The garage!ROSS(into walkie talkie)
           All units! Converge on the garage.
           Cover every exit!INT. GARAGE - DAYCat has reaches a vent, which she removes, having loosened
          the screws before.INT. GARAGE - DAYThe SWAT and Ross's team flood the garage. Vehicles
          screeching in, men running in full body armor, guns ready.CLOSE ON THE VENT GRATECat is just climbing into the space behind it.
                         
          PULL BACK TO The SWAT ALL OVER THE PLACE97.CLOSE ON CAT PULLING THE GRATE CLOSEDPULL BACK TO THE SWAT PASSING BY LOOKING EVERYWHERE.ROSS(FRUSTRATED)Look under every car. In every
           trunk!!!INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - DAYCat hurries along a tunnel, comes to a utility door, and
          enters.INT. UTILITY CHANGING ROOM - DAYCat enters a room full of lockers. She starts opening
          them until she finds what she is looking for. A maintenance
          uniform.INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - DAYCat walks along in coveralls, boots and a hard hat, passing
          several crews of workers welding, hammering, doing repairs.
          She disappears into the gloaming.FADE TO BLACKEXT. EMILIO'S STREET - EARLY MORNINGA normal day. Kids playing ball. Trashmen picking up
          trash.ANGLE ON THE REAR OF EMILIO'S HOUSECat enters the house.INT. EMILIO'S HOUSE - MORNINGCat walks through the house like it could be a trap, a
          silencer in her hand. Her senses are keening, she is that
          alert. And then she finds the first body.
                         
          Mama. Dead. A bullet in her head.
                         
          Cat has all she can do to keep it together. Then she finds
          Pepe, a bullet in his head. It is almost too much for her
          to bear.
                         
          And then she finds Emilio, tied to a chair, tortured. To
          death. This IS too much for her to bear.
                         
          Cat cuts Emilio's beaten and bloodied body loose, and gently
          takes HIM in her arms. And begins to cry.CATI'm sorry...I'm sorry...I'm sorry98.INT. FBI OFFICE - DAYAn operator answers.OPERATORFederal Bureau of Investigation.
           How may I direct your call?EXT. STREET - DAYCat is on a pay phone.CATI'd like to speak to the agent in
           charge of the TAG killings.INT. ROSS'S OFFICE - DAYRoss is pinning up the pictures of Cat on his board. His
          phone rings.ROSSAgent Ross. Hello? Hello?EXT. STREET - DAYCat hangs up the phone.EXT. FBI BUILDING - EVENINGThe building is emptying out. In the lobby, Ross passes a
          floor cleaner and a lone security guard.INT. MARKET - EVENINGRoss picks up a prepackaged meal.EXT. ROSS'S APARTMENT - EVENINGRoss enters his building.INT. ROSS'S APARTMENT - EVENINGRoss enters, turns on the lights, revealing an apartment
          as austere as Cat's. Heads for the small kitchen, where
          he is about to put his precooked meal in the microwave.
          When he feels a gun in the back of his neck.CATThis won't take long. Hands up.
                         
          Ross raises his hands. Cat reaches around, removes his
          gun.CATTurn around.
                         
          Ross faces her.99.CATSit.
                         
          She motions him into the chair behind him.ROSSJust so you know, all this? Being
           so smart? Covering all your bases?
           It's not going to matter. It's
           already over. The whole place is
           wired with web cams.
                         
          His moment of triumph is short lived. Cat reaches on the
          side of the counter. Holds up six web cams, wires ripped
          out.CATYou mean these?
                         
          Tosses the ripped out cams onto the table.CATTalking about covering all your
           bases. Your chair is pressure
           wired. You move your ass one inch
           you don't have one anymore.
                         
          Ross looks under the chair. Sure enough, there are several
          wires leading out of the bottom of the chair. He looks
          further to the where the wires attach to a small charge.
          She puts her gun down on the table.CATI know what you're thinking. Maybe
           yes a bluff, maybe no. But you
           have to figure yes, given what you
           know about me.
                         
          Ross does not move.CATThis wasn't what I had in mind for
           myself when I was a kid. I wanted
           to be on the other side of things.
           Like you.ROSSSo what happened?CATHe did.
                         
          She takes out an old picture of Don Luis, lifted from the
          internet. She takes out the picture of her parents and
          her as an eight year old.CATThis is the last time I was happy.(MORE)100.CAT (CONT'D)The next day they were dead. He
           killed them.ROSSAnd all this? All these
           clues...they weren't for us. They
           were for him.CATI didn't know how else to find
           him.ROSSAnd you figured sooner or later we
           would make this public.CATIt took you a long time.ROSSYou're very patient.CATWhat else do I have to be? I have
           no one. I did. Until this morning.
           I had them.
                         
          She takes out pictures of dead Mama, dead Emilio, dead
          Pepe.ROSSYou sent him a message. He sent
           you one back.CATAnd now I want to finish it.ROSSI can't help you.CATYes you can. He's protected by
           your government.ROSSBy a part of the government I have
           no way of reaching. It's CIA. I
           don't know why. But there's no
           getting through it, under it, around
           it, believe me, I've tried.CATYou're going to have to try harder.
                         
          She takes a photo album out, opens it.101.CATI found this on your table inside.
           Your family, right?
                         
          Begins to flip pages.CATBrothers, sisters, nieces, nephews.
           Mother, father. Nice.
                         
          Ross knows what is coming.CATI know this sounds harsh. But
           until I get what I want, you'll go
           to a funeral a week. And you will
           begin to feel what I have felt all
           these years.
                         
          She places the photo album in his lap. Puts his food in
          the microwave, starts it. Goes to exit.ROSSWait...
                         
          She stops.ROSSWhat about...?
                         
          He points to the chair.CATWhen your dinner's ready, the timer
           on it will have expired. Then you
           can get to work.
                         
          And she is gone. Ross watches the timer on the microwave.
          When it beeps, he sits a moment longer. Hesitates to get
          up. Little by little, he moves himself off the chair,
          tentative. Afraid that any moment, BOOM! Until he makes
          the final move, stands just enough to clear the seat,
          waiting for the worst to happen. And when it doesn't, he
          breathes a sigh of relief.EXT. CIA OFFICE - DAYA non descript building.INT. RICHARD'S OFFICE - DAYFacing a large picture window...RICHARDYou understand, I only agreed to
           this meeting out of professional
           courtesy.(MORE)102.RICHARD (CONT'D)The President wanting us to reach
           out to you folks on the domestic
           side, and all that pie in the sky
           crap.(BEAT)The truth is, I really can't help
           you at all.ROSSCan't or won't.RICHARDSame thing really.ROSSLook, let's put all our cards on
           the table here. I've met this
           woman. The killer.RICHARD(SKEPTICAL)Really? Where?ROSSMy apartment. She trapped me.
           She told me if I did not get her
           this man.
                         
          He puts Luis's picture on the desk.ROSSShe will kill a member of my family
           every day until I have none.
                         
          Richard pauses. Then he begins to laugh.RICHARDYou're kidding me?ROSSDo I look like I could make
           something like that up?
                         
          Richard says nothing.ROSSSo? What should I do now?RICHARDI'd go to the police. Now if you'll
           excuse me, I have a meeting...
                         
          He goes to rise, when Ross's phone rings. He answers.ROSSRoss.(BEAT)It's her.103.Richard sits back down.ROSS (CONT'D)She says you either give her what
           she wants or she is going to
           redecorate your office.
                         
          Ross points to Richard's chest where a red laser beam holds
          on his heart.ROSSBright red.RICHARDWhat does she think this is?
           Amateur hour? Tell her that glass
           is tempered to resist a direct hit
           by a fifty seven millimeter
           ordinance.
                         
          All of the sudden, a bullet shatters the window; destroying
          a picture of Richard standing with the President hanging
          on the wall just behind his head. The red dot is back on
          Richard in a heartbeat.ROSSShe says she's using seven point
           six two steel jacketed armor
           piercing shells. And you have ten
           seconds to give her the address.
                         
          Richard starts to come unglued.RICHARDHow can I be sure once she has the
           address she won't kill me anyway?ROSSYou can't. But I can assure you
           that if you don't give her the
           address you will be number twenty
           four on her hit parade. Trust me
           on this one.
                         
          After an interminable moment...RICHARDEight seven six Magnolia Terrace...
           New Orleans.
                         
          There is a long pause on the other end of the phone.ROSSShe asked you to keep this
           conversation strictly confidential.RICHARD(SWEATING)With pleasure.104.A moment later, the red dot disappears from Richard's chest.
          Richard breathes out. Ross reaches out, shakes richard's
          limp hand.ROSSThank you. Because honestly I
           didn't know how I was going to
           explain you splattered all over
           your walls.
                         
          Ross exits. Richard looks at the shattered picture. The
          President's head is intact. The bullet has ripped Richard's
          face clean off.
                         
          CLOSE ON A BIG STEEL DOOR OPENING REVEALING An ARMORY OF
          WEAPONS FROM PISTOLS TO RPG's.PULL BACK TOINT. PEPE'S WAREHOUSE - NIGHTCat loads weapons and ammo into Pepe's big red truck. The
          last thing she takes: a LAWS rocket launcher. The dogs
          sit there, watching her.CATYou guys ever been to New Orleans?
                         
          Off the dog's puzzled faces...SMASH!!!!!The red truck smashes through the doors of Pepe's warehouse.EXT. PEPE'S WAREHOUSE - NIGHTThe truck heads off down the road, disappearing into the
          night.FADE TOINT. TRUCK - NIGHTCat drives through the night, just watching the road. The
          dogs sit behind her, also watching the road. She passes a
          sign: NEW ORLEANS 500 MILES.EXT. SMITH ARCHITECTURAL OFFICE - MORNINGSMITH, a courtly old architect, opens his door and enters
          his building.INT. SMITH ARCHITECTURAL OFFICE - MORNINGSmith enters to find...CATGood morning.105.Sitting, with two cups of coffee, and pastries.CATI didn't know if you took sugar
           and cream, so I got one of each.SMITHWho are you?CATYou designed the house at eight
           seven six Magnolia.SMITHYou either leave immediately young
           lady or I am going to call the
           police.
                         
           Cat pulls a gun.CATI would love to see the plans of
           this house.CLOSE ON A SIMPLE FLOOR PLAN OF A HOUSEMARCOYou will take up positions here...PULL BACK TOINT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYAs Don Luis sips a cognac, staring out the big bay window
          onto the wide street beyond the garden.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYThe house sits prominent in the middle of a quiet
          neighborhood.INT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYMarco points to the floor plan, explaining to the dozen
          thugs gathered with their weapons...MARCOAnd here. And here. You must
           expect the unexpected. She is
           like mist under a door, like a
           mouse in the wall. She will never
           attack straight on. You will not
           see her, until it is too late.
           She is that invisible.
                         
          ON DON LUIS as he sips his cognac. He sees a big red truck
          approaching in the distance up the road. As he watches,
          squinting, curious, the truck does an abrupt U turn. Marco
          drones on in the background...106.MARCOWe would prefer she be taken alive.
           But with a bitch like this, if you
           get a kill shot you take it.
                         
          ...Don Luis watches, as a woman gets out of the truck. He
          cannot make out who it is, what with the fog and his
          vision...DON LUISMarco?
                         
          He sees the woman open the rear door of the truck, and
          pull something out. He takes his glasses out of his pocket,
          puts them on. Just in time to see...CAT SHOULDERING A LAWS SHOULDER ROCKET!!!DON LUISMARCO!Marco turns.ANGLE ON CAT FIRING THE ROCKETANGLE ON MARCO DON LUIS AND THE THUGSSeeing the rocket heading right for the salon. They all
          leap out of the way, just as the rocket comes crashing
          through the bay window. And blows the salon to smithereens.
          Cat reenters the truck, drives off fast.
                         
          As the debris falls, and the dust and smoke rises, Marco
          helps Don Luis up. He is a little stunned. Through the
          gaping hole where the bay window was, they see the red
          truck driving off.MARCOYou four! Get the armored Mercedes!
           We have to get Don Luis out of
           here!
                         
          The four run off.MARCODon Luis! This way! Everyone to
           their positions!
                         
          As they all run out...INT. GARAGE - DAYThe four thugs run into the garage, where there are several
          cars. And a big armored van.THUGOK! Everyone in!
                         
          But just as they open the doors to the big Mercedes...107.THE RED TRUCK COMES RAMMING THROUGH, TAKES OUT THE WHOLEWALL OF THE GARAGE! DESTROYS THE MERCEDES.Cat leaps out of the truck, and before the four startled
          thugs know what has hit them, she puts three of them down
          with shots to the heart.
                         
          The fourth runs out the back.EXT. GROUNDS - DAYThe fourth thug runs for all he is worth, bleeding from
          his forehead, panicked.ANGLE ON CATCalmly exiting the garage, she removes a set of throwing
          knives from a belt around her waist, taking a long minute
          to gauge the distance. When he has almost reached the
          safety of the house...ON THE THUG RUNNINGON CAT FLINGING THE KNIVESTRACK WITH THE KNIVES AND THEN...ON THE THUGHe drops like dead lead, the two knives embedded in his
          back.ANGLE ON MARCO WITH DON LUISInside the house, seeing Cat through a window.ANGLE ON CATLooking back at him. Pointing a finger at him. Before
          she disappears in to the drifting mists.ANGLE ONMARCODon Luis! You hide here.
                         
          He opens a secret door in the wall, revealing a small space.
          Barely big enough for a man.MARCOWait for my call. Either she is
           dead, or we have her far enough
           away so you can make it to the
           garage. Take the van. The armor
           is so thick nothing short of an
           atomic bomb can penetrate it.DON LUISMarco. Thank you.108.MARCO(TOUCHED)That's the first time you ever
           said that.DON LUISSaid what?MARCOThank you.DON LUISDon't get used to it.
                         
          Don Luis shuts the door. Off the door slamming...
                         
          Another door opens, but this one is...EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYOn the side of the mansion, and leads into the foundation.
          Cat crawls in and pulls the door shut.INT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYMarco and the men are walking through the mansion, guns at
          the ready, when they come to a long stretch of hallway.
          Marco signals them to stop. He listens carefully. Signals
          for one of the men to move down the hall.
                         
          As Marco and the other men wait, the first thug makes his
          way down the hall, looking left and right, opening doors...ANGLE ON UNDER THE FLOOR FROM THE CAMERA'S POVAs the man walks along above, the floor creaks, dust drops
          down in a fine cloud. As the man progresses, and the dust
          gets closer and closer...ANGLE ON THE THUG ABOVETurns to Marco to signal everything is OK. Just as he
          signals he is riddled from below with dozens of bullets.
          The man dances like a puppet on a string, before falling
          to the floor, dead. Marco takes a grenade out, flings it.MARCODown!
                         
          Marco and the thugs dive for cover.BAARROOM!The grenade blows a big hole in the floor. As soon as the
          smoke and the debris stop falling...MARCOGo!109.The thugs hesitate. Marco points his gun at them.MARCONow!
                         
          Hesitant, the thugs approach the hole. Pointing their
          weapons, they unload a barrage of bullets. Then stop.
          Nothing moves. One of them peers over the side.BANG!A single shot pieces his eye.MARCOOutside!
                         
          The thugs and Marco run...EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYThe thugs set up two big ass 50 caliber machine guns at
          the two openings in the foundation.MARCOKill her!
                         
          The thugs manning the guns let loose, blasting away. Smoke
          and flashes from the muzzles mingle with the fog.INT. CLOSET - DAYDon Luis hears the firing, which thunders through his
          closet.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYThe thugs fire until their ammo is spent. As the sound
          dies away, silence reigns.INT. CLOSET - DAYDon Luis hears the silence. He speed dials on his phone.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYMarco's phone rings.MARCO(WHISPERS)Checking.
                         
          He motions for one of his men to look into the dark hope.
          Hesitant the man peeks around the side. Nothing happens.MARCO(WHISPERS)I think we got her.110.INT. CLOSET - DAYDon Luis lets out a sigh of relief.DON LUISDid you see the body?EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYMarco urges his man to look deeper, expose himself more,
          to look in the hole. Marco watches as the man does so,
          very cautiously. Still no movement. He moves full body
          into the opening to peer in.BANG! BANG! BANG!Is blown back by three fast shots.INT. CLOSET - DAYDON LUISMarco??EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYMARCO(INTO PHONE)Stay where you are!
                         
          And then he starts screaming into the hole, careful to
          stand just off to the side.MARCOYou know what bitch? I loved
           killing your father. He was a
           coward! And you know what else?
           I screwed your mother behind your
           father's back! We all did! She
           couldn't get enough of it! The
           whore! I killed her! I killed
           him! You want to avenge them?
           The whore and the coward? That's
           what you come from! Come out!
           I'm here! Come get the bullet
           with your name on it, Bitch!
                         
          Silence. And then, a whistle from above. Marco looks up
          to see Cat, standing on a second floor balcony with two
          pistols.MARCOKill her!
                         
          Marco starts to fire, his men raise their guns. Too late.
          In the blink of an eye, with bullets flying wildly all
          around her, Cat blows five of the seven thugs surrounding
          Marco away. Marco and the remaining two thugs run toward
          the guest house. Out of the range of her guns.111.INT. CLOSET - DAYDon Luis is panicking. Yelling into the phone.DON LUISMarco! Marco!INT. GUEST HOUSE - DAYMarco and the two thugs run into the small house.MARCOYou two here! That door opens...
                         
          He points to the door they just came through.MARCO...kill anything that comes through.
                         
          Marco runs into the bedroom.INT. BEDROOM - DAYMarco runs to the curtained windows, rips the curtains
          back, hoping to escape. And finds that the windows have
          metal hurricane shutters on them. With locks. Marco pulls
          out a set of keys, frantically tries fitting the keys to
          the locks. None of them work.MARCOShit!
                         
          He runs for the door again. Just as he has his hand on
          the knob, two shots ring out.MARCOGiorgio?
                         
          Nothing.MARCOTonino?
                         
          No answer. He checks his gun, realizes he is out of ammo.
          He knows his time has come. He drops is gun, backs away
          from the door. Backs right up to the bed, and sits down.
          His phone rings.INT. CLOSET - DAYDON LUISMarco! What the hell's going on???INT. BEDROOM - DAYMarco just stares at the door.MARCOHold on.112.There is a small sound outside the door.MARCOI will hold here! Run! Run!
                         
          The door shatters as Cat kicks her way in. Marco pulls
          his trigger. Click! Click! Click! Marco is frozen.
          Just stares at Cat. Waiting for what is going to come.MARCODo it! Do it you bitch! Isn't
           this the moment you've been waiting
           for?CATYes, it is.
                         
          She empties her gun into him.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYGripped by fear, Don Luis runs for all he is worth across
          the fog shrouded garden until he reaches the garage. He
          yanks open the door, runs inside.INT. GARAGE - DAYDon Luis runs around Pepe's red truck and the crumbled
          Mercedes, jumps in the armored van.INT. ARMORED VAN - DAYDon Luis fumbles with the keys, grinds the ignition in his
          desperation. The engine turns over. Don Luis slams the
          transmission into gear, but bangs into the crumbled Mercedes
          blocking his way. He slams the gearshift into reverse,
          bashes into the wall behind him, and then jerks the gear
          shift into drive, ramming the Mercedes with a little more
          room. Back and forth back and forth, Don Luis rams at the
          Mercedes until he has made enough room to turn the van,
          bang past the Mercedes, and smash his way out of the garage.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYThe van comes roaring out of the garage, tearing up the
          gardens, jumping on the driveway and speeding off to the
          main road.
                         
          Cat comes running from the opposite direction, two guns
          blazing.INT. ARMORED VAN - DAYAs bullets ping off the van, Don Luis regains some of his
          confidence. A small smile breaks across his face as he
          looks in his rear view mirror and sees Cat running and
          firing, losing ground.113.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYCat reaches the end of the driveway, fires her last shots,
          runs out of bullets. Stands watching the van head off
          down the road.INT. ARMORED VAN - DAYDon Luis watches her run out of ammo, standing in the road
          receding.DON LUIS(LAUGHING MADLY)I beat you bitch! You can't kill
           me! I am unkillable!EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYCat stands in the road, watching the van. She takes out
          Marco's cellphone.CLOSE ON THE SCREENCat scrolls the phone book. She highlights VAN. PressesSEND.INT. ARMORED VAN - DAYDon Luis is at a red light, so pleased with himself.
          Humming a tune. When the van phone rings. Surprised, he
          looks at the call coming in. MARCO. He presses the
          speaker.DON LUISMarco?CATIt's Cataleya.DON LUISI don't understand you. You should
           have been dead a long time ago.
           You got lucky. You escaped. You
           were given a second chance at a
           life. Why did you not take it?
           Why did you involve yourself with
           this insanity?CATFor something you can never
           understand. The love I had for my
           parents. And you killed that.DON LUISAnd because of that, you have ruined
           your whole life to try to kill me?
           You stupid bitch. Don't you get
           it? Someone like me?(MORE)114.DON LUIS (CONT'D)I cannot be killed. I do the
           killing. Not the other way around.
           And now it is your turn to be
           hunted. You will never find me.
           But as day follows night, believe
           me, I will find you. And I will
           kill you. And you know why?
           Because I will never be where you
           can kill me. I will never be where
           you want me to be.CATActually Don Luis...you are exactly
           where I want you to be.
                         
          Don Luis doesn't get it. And then he hears a low growling
          behind him. He turns a little, sees sitting there in the
          dark recesses of the van, two enormous dogs. Pepe's dogs.
          His eyes register confusion, then apprehension...EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYCat hears the growl over the phone. A small smile breaks
          across her face. And then se speaks into the phone one
          last time. One word.CATEAT!EXT. ARMORED VAN - DAYOver the sounds of the dogs tearing Don Luis to pieces and
          his horrible screams, the van shakes as if it were caught
          in an earthquake.EXT. DON LUIS'S MANSION - DAYCat's shoulders sag, relax. Her face is peaceful as it
          has never been before. She looks at Marco's phone.
          Thinking.ROSS V.O.I want you to think hard...INT. ROSS'S OFFICE - SUNSETDanny sits opposite Ross.ROSSWas there anything else?DANNYI already told you everything.
           She would come over, we'd have
           amazing sex, and she would leave.
           It's really late, and I'm really
           tired, if you're not going to arrest
           me...115.ROSSWe don't really have anything to
           charge you with.DANNYThen can I go?ROSSJust a few more questions.DANNYCan I have a cup of coffee?ROSSSure.
                         
          Ross gets up and leaves the room. Danny is feeling really
          shitty. He takes his phone out of his pocket, looks at
          Cat's picture. And then it rings.DANNYHello?INTERCUT BETWEEN...CAT V.O.Hello Danny.DANNY(STUNNED)Jen...I...uh...I'm so sorry. I
           didn't mean...are you OK?CAT V.O.I'm fine.
                         
          She says it without the slightest bit of sarcasm.CAT V.O.Where are you?DANNYFBI headquarters. I didn't tell
           them anything...besides...CAT V.O.That I would come over and we would
           have amazing sex. Your phone is
           tapped, you know that?DANNYI know.CAT V.O.You have forty seconds before they
           pick up on this. Gives you the
           time for three questions.116.DANNYOK...What's your real name?CAT V.O....Cataleya.
                         
          Danny looks at the orchid on Ross's desk. Sees the name
          tag. Smiles.DANNYLike the flower.
                         
          Now Cat smiles. How did he know that?CAT V.O.Twenty seconds.DANNYWill I ever see you again?CATI know where to find you.EXT. COFFEE MACHINE - SUNSETRoss is drawing coffee.AGENT 1Ross. We're picking something up
           off that kid's phone.
                         
          Ross drops the coffee, hurries back to the office.INT. ROSS'S OFFICE - SUNSETDANNYIf there is ever a chance. I want
           you to know...I could love you.
           If you let me.CAT V.O.Last question.DANNY...I love you.
                         
          Cat holds on that one for a moment...then the beeping of a
          phone connection cut...Danny closes his eyes. Ross bursts
          into the office. Grabs the phone from his hands.ROSSCataleya? Cataleya!EXT. COUNTRY BUS STOP - SUNSETCat, in jeans, t-shirt, a baseball cap with her pony tail
          sticking out the back, exits a phone booth, She boards a
          waiting bus. The doors close. The bus drives off down an
          endless road.117.THE END