SEXUAL LIFEWritten byKen KwapisDraft: 08/03FADE IN:EXT. CITY SKYLINE - DAYFrom an AERIAL VIEW we see the outline of a city.  Any city will 
               do.  Mirrored high rises.  Sprawling apartment complexes.  A 
               lot of people live here...whoever they are.As we move closer we discover that this is not a real city at 
               all, but a scale model of one.Everything is in miniature -- the buildings, parks, and freeways. 
                GLIDING over this tabletop metropolis, we find that none of 
               the buildings have roofs, allowing us to peak inside.VARIOUS CLOSE ANGLESWe FLOAT through miniature coffee shops, offices, and bedrooms, 
               where toy figures are arranged in tableau of everyday lifeA man dines alone.  A woman walks her dog.  Two kiss on the street. 
                One waits for a bus.Over this we HEAR Marianne Faithful's smoky-voiced cover of the 
               standard "When We're Alone"Just picture a penthouse Way up in the sky, With hinges on chimney 
               For stars to go by, A sweet slice of heaven For just you and 
               I, When we're alone.From all of society We'll stay aloof, And live in propriety There 
               on the roof, Two heavenly hermits We'll be in true, When we're 
               alone.As the song ends we find a miniature girl who lies on a miniature 
               bed.CUT TO:INT. LORNA'S APARTMENT BEDROOM - DAYA cramped one-room studio.  Asleep on a futon is a slender girl 
               of nineteen -- LORNA.  Her blood red toenails give the place 
               its only color. An alarm clock rings it's twelve noon.  Lorna 
               uses her foot to turn it off.LORNATerri.  Why did you let me sleep so late?

               Lorna looks over to an empty pull-out sofa, its only occupant 
               a skinny kitten.LORNA (CONT'D) (cont'd)

               Terri?

               (to the cat)

               She must already be at work, huh?

               The cat meows -- very non-committal.CUT TO:INT. LORNA'S KITCHEN - DAYStill in her T-shirt and panties, Lorna opens a can of cat food 
               as the kitten looks on.LORNAShe probably forgot what day it is, right Arthur?  Some friend 
               she turned out to be.  Not like you.  You remember what day it 
               is, don't you?(off the cat's blank stare)

               I'm not giving you any food until you tell me.

               Arthur the cat responds with a pitiful meow.  Lorna smiles and 
               sets down the food.LORNA (CONT'D) (cont'd)

               That's right.  I knew you'd remember.CUT TOOMITTEDEXT. STREET - DAYLorna, dressed casually, walks to the bus stop.  Reading the 
               crossword puzzle in the paper, she doesn't see the curb and trips, 
               spilling her purse.Embarrassed, she gathers her things, then takes a seat next to 
               a Latino Woman.  Lorna smiles and resumes work on the puzzle.Stumped by a clue, she turns to the Woman.LORNAHmm.  Simon and Garfunkel hit.  Eight letters.  Any thoughts?The Woman shrugs and looks off.

               Suddenly, Lorna's phone rings.  She reaches into her purse but 
               it's not there.  Then, she spots it...in the street.  But the 
               moment she goes to get it, a truck roars past and smashes it 
               to smithereens.LORNA (CONT'D) (cont'd)

               Oh my god.

               But as she scoops up the pieces in her hand a smile creeps across 
               her face.LORNA (CONT'D) (cont'd)

               No, this is right.  This is exactly right.CUT TOINT. COFFEE SHOP - DAYA few notches up from a greasy spoon.  Lorna sits at the counter, 
               stirring her coffee.  A WAITRESS approaches.LORNAExcuse me, whatever happened to that sign, the one that used 
               to hang next to the pies?The Waitress looks over her shoulder.WAITRESSWhat sign?LORNAThe one that said, "Today is the first day of the rest of your 
               life."WAITRESSThat thing?  We got rid of it.LORNAOh.WAITRESSHave you decided?

               Before Lorna can speak, we hear--WOMANShe'll have the steak and egg special.

               Lorna turns as TERRI, her roommate, joins her at the counter. 
                A little older than Lorna, Terri is cute but a little dangerous.TERRILook at her, she needs protein.  Lots of protein.LORNA(to the Waitress)

               White toast.  Dry.

               The Waitress leaves.LORNAWorking early today, huh?TERRINo, I had something important to do...

               Terri opens her bag and pulls out a small, gift-wrapped box.TERRI...Miss nineteen.LORNAI knew you'd remember.

               Terri gives Lorna a kiss on the lips.TERRIOf course I remembered.  Go on, open it.LORNANo, no.  I wasn't born until ten minutes before midnight.  And 
               that's when I'll open it.TERRIYou better like it.  I don't want to tell what I had to do to 
               pay for it.LORNAOoh.  It must be good.TERRISo what's the plan, Stan?  Something special today?  Other than 
               splurging on toast.LORNAYes.  There is something.TERRIGood.  Count me in.LORNANo.  Something big.  Something I've been thinking about for a 
               long time.Terri sighs -- she knows exactly where this is going.LORNAI can't do this forever, Terri.  Look...

               Lorna points to the corner of her eye.LORNACrow's feet!  I'm nineteen!  Crow's feet!  I know I keep talking 
               about it, but this time I'm going to do it.  In fact, I did it. 
                This is my last day.TERRIOkay...LORNAI called them.  I told them I was out.TERRIYou did not.LORNAUh-huh.  I have one more appointment.  Then, I'm...free.TERRIGive me your cell phone.  I'm calling them back right now.

               Lorna smiles and pours the shattered remnants of her phone on 
               the counter.LORNAA bus ran over it.  Isn't that perfect?  It's a perfect sign.Terri pops a cigarette in her mouth as the Waitress delivers 
               the toast.WAITRESS(to Terri)

               Can't do that here, Miss.TERRII know, I know.  I'm not going to light the damn thing.

               (beat)

               Fuck me.LORNALook, I'm good for next month's rent.

               This takes Terri by surprise.TERRIWhat, you're leaving too?LORNAMaybe.  Get out of town for a while.  I really feel good about 
               this.(beat)

               I appreciate everything you've done for me this year, Terri.TERRII wish you'd talked to me first.LORNAI didn't because...I knew you'd try to talk me out of it.TERRIThat's because I'm looking out for you.  It's because there is 
               so much opportunity here.(beat)

               And it's because I'm your friend.

               Lorna fiddles with her toast.LORNAI know.

               (beat)

               Listen, I'm late.

               Lorna leaves some change on the counter, picks up her gift and 
               gives Terri a hug.LORNAThanks.TERRIWell...Happy Birthday.

               As Lorna goes, the Waitress reappears.WAITRESSYour friend comin' back?TERRIHard to say.CUT TOINT. TODD'S APARTMENT - DAYSomeone is flipping through a stack of wedding photos.  Festive 
               shots of various couples.  At the altar.  Cutting the cake.  
               Posing with relatives.CUT TOWe're in --

               A living room, Lorna sits on the couch browsing the wedding photos. 
                She has a quizzical look, as if the photos were of some incomprehensible 
               alien culture. The apartment is cluttered but not dirty.  The 
               decor suggests an occupant of modest means and bohemian taste.The occupant is TODD, who ENTERS counting a wad of money.  Late 
               twenties.  Unshaven.  By turns, cocky and nervous.He sets the money in front of Lorna.TODDSeventy-five, right?  For the half-hour.LORNANot including tip.

               She smiles.  Todd paces uneasily.TODDAnd, typically, the size of the tip is...LORNADepends on how generous you feel.TODDOf course.LORNAIs...this your first appointment?TODDNo.  I've done this before.

               Lorna thinks otherwise.  She pats the seat next to her.LORNACome over here, you're making me nervous.

               He plops down next to her.LORNASo, how much extra do you feel like spending?TODDI don't know.  Another fifty dollars?LORNAUh-huh.

               She thumbs through the wedding photos.LORNASo, this is what you do.  Weddings.TODDIt pays the rent.LORNAThese are good.  You're really a good photographer.TODDWell, somebody thinks so.  I get a lot of work.LORNAAnd you can only spend another fifty on me?

               Todd walked right into that one.

               LORNA (CONT'D) (cont'd)

               Maybe you'll feel more generous once you get to know me.

               Lorna smiles.  Her face has an open, unguarded beauty.TODDYou have a great smile, do you know that?LORNAYeah, I've heard.TODDAnd I like your name.  Lorna.  Like the cookie.LORNAGee, I've never hear that one before.

               She laughs at him.  But it's not unkind.

               LORNA (CONT'D) (cont'd)

               I have a friend who makes photos.  She's had some stuff in magazines. 
                Really dirty stuff, though.  Worse than dirty.  Sick, really. 
                You probably wouldn't like it.TODDHey, I'm not afraid of sick images.  In fact, it's what I aspire 
               to do, create pictures that are edgy, that really assault you, 
               that reach out and slap you in the face.Lorna considers this.LORNAWhy?TODDWell...I don't know.  Shake people out of their...complacency. 
                Your friend would understand.  What's her work like?LORNAShe photographs people pissing on each other.TODDUh-huh.LORNAYeah...disgusting.TODDMaybe that's the point.LORNABut who would want to look at that?  I mean, bathrooms have doors 
               for a reason.TODDWhat do you like?LORNAI like things that make me happy.  Like this.

               Lorna holds up a photo of a beautiful, smiling bride.LORNAI bet she's going to have a very happy life.

               She lingers over the photo.LORNAI don't think I'm the marrying kind, though.TODDMe, neither.  Marriage, it's so...medieval.  Sometimes when I'm 
               doing a wedding I look at the bride and groom and think, "What 
               a couple of lemmings."LORNAI'm not sure people can be true, that's all.TODDRight.  That, too.

               Lorna puts down the photos.LORNAWell...Now that we've gotten to know each better, maybe we should 
               get started.CUT TOINT. TODD'S BATHROOM - DAYAlone, Lorna prepares.  She tears open a condom wrapper, stares 
               into the mirror and runs her lines.LORNAOh, you really have a big cock...My, you really have a big cock...God, 
               what a big cock you have.CUT TOINT. TODD'S BEDROOM - DAYLorna and Todd are having sex.  She's on top, her movements slow 
               and hypnotic.  Occasionally, Lorna offers a moan, some are more 
               convincing than others.NOTE: Throughout the scene, our ANGLES generally exclude Todd 
               from view.  We may HEAR him, but our focus is on --LORNAAs she goes about her work, Lorna wears a vaguely puzzled expressions. 
                In fact, puzzles are on her mind.LORNAForty-two across...Simon & Garfunkel hit...eight letters...begins 
               with 'I'...I...I'm A Loser...Did they sing that?...Susie used 
               to play Mom's Simon & Garfunkel records all the time...I scratched 
               one once and she pulled my hair...I haven't spoken to her for 
               almost a year...Her little kid must be walking by now...Maybe 
               I should give Susie a call...Nah, fuck that!  She's perfectly 
               capable of calling me...I mean, I'm listed...I'm...I am a rock...that's 
               it!...I Am A Rock, that's the answer...I am a--Suddenly, Lorna remembers the job at hand.LORNA(flatly)

               God, you really have a big cock.

               Like Pavlov's proverbial dog, Todd MOANS and the whole thing 
               is quickly over.Lorna gives Todd a look -- it's an astonishing impersonation 
               of tenderness.LORNAWow.  That was something.TODDYeah...was it?LORNALet me tell you...that was something.TODDReally.LORNACut the modesty.  You really know what you're doing.CUT TOINT. TODD'S KITCHEN - DAYLorna, dressed, is dialing the kitchen phone.  From the kitchen 
               window she can see a school playground across the way.  It's 
               recess.  Girls in uniforms perform a jump rope cadence.LORNA(into phone)

               Hey, it's Lorna...I'm clocking out for the last time...No, I'm 
               not done for the day, I'm done...Wait, I don't think you heard 
               me...Well, just give it to one of the other girls.  Give it to 
               Terri...I don't care if he's an important client, I told you 
               I'm...Well, you'll just have to cancel it, won't you?...I don't 
               care what it pays, it's not my fuckin'--She turns to find Todd in the doorway, listening.LORNA(into phone)

               Hold on...

               (to Todd)

               What?TODDNothing.  Are you alright?LORNAI'm fine.  The cab fare will be another twenty.TODDYou never said anything about cab fare.LORNAOf course I did.  Are you calling me a liar?TODDNo.  I swear, you didn't say a word about it.

               Lorna slowly brings the phone to her ear.LORNA(into phone)

               Alright.  Where is it?CUT TOINT. TODD'S CAR - MOVING - DAYTodd is at the wheel of his vintage Buick.  Lorna sits on the 
               passenger side.  She looks off, distracted.  On the seat between 
               them is the gift from Terri, still unopened.TODDYou haven't told me where we're going yet.LORNAMake a right at the light.

               He does.TODDCan I ask you a question?

               (without a beat)

               No, forget it...it's stupid.LORNAGo on, ask.TODDWell, after we...after we did it, you didn't really mean what 
               you said, did you?  About me being so good.Lorna looks at him like he's the biggest fool in the world.  
               This is not lost on him.TODD(back-peddling)

               I'm only asking because I'm fascinated by this whole scene you're 
               in.  So, don't worry about sparing my feelings or anything.  
               I'm just curious.LORNAPull over.TODDWhat?LORNAPull over here.

               He does.  Up the block is a high-rise, luxury hotel.  Limos and 
               cabs line the driveway.  Uniformed doormen guard the entrance.LORNAYou see that hotel?  In one of those rooms, there's a man waiting...he's 
               waiting for me.  I don't know what his name is or what he looks 
               like.  He may have bad skin.  He may be really ugly.  But no 
               matter how he looks, or how bad he smells, or whether he makes 
               weird wheezing sounds when he comes, I tell him the same thing...the 
               same thing I told you.TODDRight...Well, that's what I thought.  I mean, a guy would have 
               to be pretty lame to think that...Todd knows better than to even finish.LORNATo think what?TODDNothing.

               Quite out of the blue, she leans over and kisses him on the cheek.LORNAIt's Todd, right.TODDYeah.LORNAWell, Todd, you're alright.

               (beat)

               And that I don't say that to everyone.

               She opens the door, starts out--TODDIf I wanted to see you again--LORNANo. You can't.  You can't see me again.

               (beat)

               But thanks for asking.OMITTEDINT. TODD'S CAR - DAYLorna closes the door and starts for the hotel.  Todd drives 
               past, watching her recede in the rear-view mirror.The moment she disappears, Todd looks down and sees the gift 
               box from Terri -- Lorna left it on the seat.Without missing a beat, Todd slams on the brakes, jumps out and 
               races back to where he left her.  Looking everywhere--TODDLorna!  Lorna!

               But Lorna is gone.CUT TOOMITTEDCUT TOINT. PHOTOGRAPHY STUDIO - DAYA business that specializes in sentimental portraits -- weddings, 
               graduations, anniversaries...even beloved pets.A photo shoot in progress.  Todd and his colleague PHIL -- mid-30s, 
               are doing an engagement portrait.The couple -- very straight and suburban -- are just of out Todd 
               and Phil's earshot.PHIL(to the couple)

               Beautiful, just beautiful.

               (to Todd)

               You used a rubber, I hope.TODDOf course.PHILAnd how much did this afternoon delight set you back?TODDOh.  About a buck and a quarter.

               (to the couple)

               We just need to reload.

               As they do--PHILSince when do you have a hundred and twenty-five dollars to throw 
               away?TODDI'm sure you spend just as much on porn rentals.PHILThere's no comparison.  Here, I'll do the math for you.

               Phil pulls a calculator out of his camera bag.

               PHIL (CONT'D) (cont'd)

               (punching in numbers)

               A video rents for $2.65.  That's a two-day rental.  That means 
               you can get off at least a couple times before it's due.  $125 
               divided by $2.65 equals approximately 47.  47 X 2 = 94.  I can 
               get off ninety-four times for the same amount you paid to get 
               off once.  Now tell me who gets the better deal.TODDYou're right.  I can't argue with that.PHILAnyway, I stopped watching porno.TODDYou did?  Why?PHILThey kinda depress me.

               (beat)

               When I want to get off now, you know what I use?TODDWhat?

               Phil taps his forehead.PHILMy imagination.

               (to the couple)

               Okay, folks.  It's magic time.LATER.The couple is gone.  Phil and Todd wrap some equipment.

               Phil (cont'd)

               What I don't understand is, aren't you getting enough action 
               from that Sarah?TODDWhat's Sarah got to do with it?PHILYou're seeing her, aren't you?TODDSarah...that's a whole different situation.PHILBut you're doing it with her, right?TODDI like Sarah a lot.  And I don't want to blow it by pushing too 
               hard.Phil stares.PHILYou mean, you haven't...TODDTechnically?  No.PHILShe won't put out?TODDNo, no, no.  You don't get it.  You can't equate the two.  What 
               I did with Lorna--PHILLorna?TODDThat's her name.  Lorna.  I mean, that's the name she gave me. 
                What I did with her...that was like going to some exotic place. 
                For a visit.    Haven't you ever wondered what that kind of 
               person is like?  What that world is like?  I was just...doing 
               research.  The lower depths...(beat)

               You think I'm full of shit, don't you?PHILI didn't say anything.CUT TO:OMITTEDCUT TOEXT. MOVIE THEATER - NIGHTA revival house in a college neighborhood.  The ticket seller 
               hangs a "Sold Out" sign in the box office window, just as Todd 
               and SARAH come running down the sidewalk.SARAHShit!  Sold out!

               Sarah, at twenty-five, is cute, brainy, articulate, and hopelessly 
               insecure.They lean against the wall and catch their breath.SARAHI am so sorry.TODDThat's alright.  I hear it's really overrated.  And long.SARAHI could just kill him!  This is not the first time he's done 
               this, either.TODDDone what?SARAHCooked up some phony emergency, right as I'm getting on the elevator.TODDHe's your boss.  Being an asshole is part of the job description.SARAHWe're talking about the most self-centered man I have ever met. 
                God forbid I should have a life, right?(beat)

               But I'm not going to let him do it.TODDDo what?SARAHRuin my evening.  Our evening.

               (without a beat)

               You know, he also thinks he's God's gift to women.  I'm surprised 
               he hasn't been sued by now...Okay, okay.  Stop me.He takes her by the shoulders.TODDSarah.  Take a breath.SARAHOkay.  I'm taking a breath.

               And she does.TODDNow, take another one.SARAHI like you.  Have I told you that?TODDNot today.SARAHYou know what I want to do?  I want to go shopping.TODDShopping?  For what?SARAHFor a house.TODD(completely thrown)

               Just what I was thinking.CUT TOINT. TODD'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHTTodd drives Sarah through a neighborhood full of beautifully-maintained 
               old homes.  She is a kid in a candy store--SARAHLook at the detail on that one.  Wow.  Every one of these is 
               a gem.  Makes the stuff I work on look pretty shabby by comparison.She shifts to get a better look.  In doing so, her foot hits 
               an object on the floor.SARAHWhat's this?

               She lifts up Lorna's birthday gift -- still unwrapped.Todd reacts 
               -- he forgot to get rid of it -- and Sarah reacts to Todd.SARAHObviously, not for me.TODDSomething...somebody left in front the studio.  I just picked 
               it up.Sarah nods -- she seems to buy it -- and promptly opens the box.TODDWhat are you doing?SARAHMaybe we can find out whose it is.

               Inside is a silver bracelet, and a hand-written note.SARAH(reading)

               "Lorna.  Remember, I'm in your corner.  Love, Terri."  Pretty 
               cool bracelet.  You just found this.TODDStupid of me...I should've left it.SARAHLorna.  That's a name you don't hear very much.  Lorna.  Like 
               the cookie.(off Todd's look)

               What?  You've never had a Lorna Doone?TODDNo.SARAHTerri and Lorna.  Sisters, maybe?  Lovers, more like it.  Or...witches. 
                And this bracelet is some sort of talisman.TODDYou have a perverse mind.

               (beat)

               ...which I like, by the way.SARAHOr...perhaps Terri killed Lorna, and this "gift" provides her 
               with an alibi.TODDMaybe you should put it back.SARAHWhat, aren't you a little curious?

               Todd pulls over and stops.TODDSarah...I don't know how to put this.  This is our fourth night 
               out, and I feel a lot of pressure...for this to work.SARAHI want it to work, too.

               (off his look)

               Oh.  Is this about sex?TODDDon't you think we're being a little...methodical about the whole 
               thing?  Maybe we should just...SARAHWhat?  Get it over with?TODDNot exactly.SARAHDon't you think it's better to be sure of each other first?  
               To have a little bit of trust?Sarah absently fingers the bracelet that's not hers.TODDYou can trust me.SARAHI know, I know.

               (beat)

               But you're not sleeping with anyone else, right?TODDOf course not.SARAHIt's not such a strange thing to ask.  Sometimes relationships...overlap. 
                I just need to feel--TODDI told you.  I'm not.

               Beat.SARAHYou haven't asked me if I'm seeing anyone.TODDIs that bad?SARAHIt's silly, I know, but it makes me feel like you couldn't imagine 
               anyone being interested in me.TODDWhat?  You should be flattered I don't ask.  I respect you enough 
               to assume you'd tell me if you're involved with someone.Sarah considers this.SARAHHmm.  Ask me, anyway.TODDAre you serious?

               (off her look)

               Alright.  Are you seeing anyone?SARAHAbsolutely not.

               Todd takes the bracelet, puts it on the dash, then leans to kiss 
               Sarah.SARAHI do want to make love tonight.TODDI'm just worried that all this talk is going to kill the spontaneity--She presses her finger to his lips--SARAHI think spontaneity is overrated.CUT TOINT. SARAH'S APARTMENT BEDROOM - NIGHTTodd and Sarah are making out in her bedroom.  To expedite matters, 
               they're also trying to undress.  It's not very practical.  Todd 
               can't quite kick off his shoes.  Sarah can't quite get her blouse 
               unbuttoned.Finally--SARAHTodd, the light.

               He switches it off.  They sit side by side and undress down to 
               their underwear.   They look at each other.SARAHWait.  Don't say anything.TODDOkay.

               Beat.SARAHWhat were you going to say?TODDI wasn't going to say anything.SARAHOh.TODDYou look beautiful--SARAHNo, don't say that.  Let's get under the covers.

               They climb into bed and move into each other's arms.SARAHLet's go slowly.

               They kiss, caress, shedding their inhibitions. Then--SARAHOh.  Oww!TODDWhat happened?SARAHDammit...my foot.  I've got one of those...what's the word?TODDA bunionSARAHNot a bunion.  A spasm.TODDOh, a foot spasm.  Here let me--

               He throws back the covers and massages her foot.SARAHOww!  No, stop!  It hurts!  I hate this!TODDWhat can we do?SARAHNothing, it's fine, it's fine.  Lemme just walk it off.

               She gets out of bed and hobbles into--INT. SARAH'S HALLWAY - NIGHTDressed in bra and panties, Sarah hops up and down the hall, 
               desperate to relieve her pain.Todd appears in the doorway and watches her mad little dance.His thoughts--TODDShe has a better-looking body than I imagined...Breasts are definitely 
               bigger than I thought.  You can just never tell with breasts, 
               can you?...I don't know what to make of this foot problem...Maybe 
               she gets a spasm every time she has sex...I've heard of people 
               with problems like that...People who can't have sex without laughing, 
               or burping...Oh, God, what if she's one of them...Sarah looks up from her hopping.SARAHI am so embarrassed.  Trust me, this doesn't happen all the time.TODDThe thought never crossed my mind.CUT TOINT. SARAH'S BEDROOM - NIGHTSarah and Todd, back under the covers, making love.  Todd is 
               on top, moving slowly.  Sarah bites her lip and closes her eyes.Todd looks at her and wonders --TODDShe won't look at me.  Why won't she look at me?..I'll bet she's 
               preoccupied with her foot.  She's praying she won't get another 
               spasm, another foot freak-out...She's being awfully quiet, too...Why 
               is she so quiet?...Maybe she needs to concentrate...Some women 
               need to concentrate...I read that in a magazine at the grocery 
               store...That blonde check-out girl who works there is really 
               cute...I love the way she says, "Paper or plastic?"...Todd lets out an excited gasp.  Sarah opens her eyes with alarm.SARAHTodd!  Shhh...

               Todd stops.  Everything stops.TODDWhat's the matter?SARAHThese walls, they're paper-thin.  This building is so poorly 
               built.  Everyone can hear you.Todd rolls off of her.TODDIs that why you're so quiet?SARAHYes, the walls are...What are you saying?TODDIt's hard for me to tell if you're enjoying this.SARAHOf course, I am.  I'm sorry if I'm not vocal enough for you.TODDThat's not what I...Sarah, I just want to make sure I'm doing 
               something right here.SARAHThere's no right or wrong way to do this.TODDI know.  I just want to make sure I'm...you know, in the ballpark.Sarah stares at him.SARAHTodd, I don't expect you to do everything right the first time...Sorry, 
               that didn't come out the way I meant it...They roll away from each other and stare at the ceiling.  We 
               hear a distant siren -- a fire engine, maybe.  Somewhere there's 
               a five-alarm fire blazing.  Not here.TODDYou didn't like it.SARAHNo, I didn't say that.  I was just...Let's be still for a while. 
                Alright?FADE OUT:FADE IN:INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM - LATER - NIGHTSarah and Todd haven't moved.  It's not clear how much time has 
               elapsed.SARAHEveryone expects fireworks the first time you do it.  But that's 
               just a myth.TODDA myth.  You're right.SARAHLet's not be too hard on ourselves.TODDI agree.SARAHOur expectations were a little high, that's all.

               Todd nods his agreement.TODDAnd at the end of the day, sex is only one part of the picture.SARAHTrue.  What do you mean?TODDI know this couple. They had nothing in common but good sex. 
                They went at it like a pair of rabbits.  And guess how long 
               it lasted?  A month.  They were hot for each other...but there 
               was nothing else.SARAHRight.

               (beat)

               There's got to be something else.

               And they stare at the ceiling.FADE OUT:FADE IN:INT. SARAH'S BEDROOM - STILL LATER - NIGHTThey still haven't moved, but unbeknownst to Sarah, Todd has 
               fallen asleep.She looks at him.  She caresses his face.  Then, her hand slides 
               down under the sheets.  She tries to arouse him, but after a 
               while she stops.  He's very much asleep.Sarah lies back.  She slides her hand between her legs and begins 
               to touch herself.Quietly.FADE OUT:FADE IN:EXT. STREET - DAYEarly morning.  The air is cool and crisp as Sarah, wearing sweats 
               and a T-shirt, jogs through the neighborhood.She turns down a side street, heading for--EXT. SARAH'S GRANDPARENTS HOUSE - DAYA nondescript house with a faded American flag hanging off the 
               front porch.  Sarah climbs the steps where an elderly man -- 
               her GRANDFATHER, sits with the morning paper in his lap, unread.Sarah gives him a kiss.SARAHMorning, Pappy.  How's she doing today?GRANDFATHERDon't pay her any mind, Sarah.  The things she says, they get 
               stranger by the day.Sarah pays him no mind and heads into the house.CUT TOEXT. BACK PORCH - DAYSarah and her GRANDMOTHER sit on the back porch, which offers 
               a splendid view of...other people's back porches.Sarah's Grandmother has a sense of mischief that's quite at odds 
               with her deteriorating frame.The two drink coffee.GRANDMOTHERThey keep telling me I'm doing fine, that I'm even improving. 
                Why do they have to lie?  At my age?  What are they trying to 
               protect me from?SARAHMaybe they know something you don't.GRANDMOTHERLike hell.

               She pulls out a pack of American Spirit cigarettes and lights 
               one.  Sarah reacts.SARAHNan.GRANDMOTHERWhat?  One in the morning with coffee.  One at night with cocktails. 
                Where was I?(beat)

               Oh, yes.  My story is coming to an end, Sarah--SARAHOh, please.GRANDMOTHERYour story, that's the one I want to hear.SARAHI wish I had a story to tell.GRANDMOTHERHmm.  The last time there was talk of an admirer.SARAHAll you want is dirt, Nan.  Admit it.GRANDMOTHERThe world is made of dirt, Sarah.  So, please, dish.  No detail 
               is too small.SARAHI...I'm sleeping with two different men.GRANDMOTHERHmm.  Continue.SARAHOne of them is a good man.  He's good for me.GRANDMOTHERLike vitamins.SARAHSort of.  The other one, he can be a complete ass.  A total jerk.GRANDMOTHERIn other words...he excites you.SARAHHe does.  And I hate it.  I hate him.  And, on top of that, I 
               can't have him.GRANDMOTHERCan you see your Pappy?

               Sarah looks back over her shoulder.  She catches a glimpse of 
               her Grandfather.  He's still on the front porch.SARAHHe hasn't moved.GRANDMOTHERGood.  Keep an eye on him.SARAHWhy?GRANDMOTHERBecause I'm going to tell you something he shouldn't hear.  Something 
               no one knows.  Once, I had two lovers.  One was your grandfather. 
                He had prospects, then.  He had a car and we drove everywhere 
               and people would look at us and say, "Now, there goes a couple." 
                He never pushed me.  He told me he respected my virginity.  
               And I liked that.They hear a loud creak.SARAHDon't worry.  He's not moving.GRANDMOTHERThe other man -- he was a boy, really -- he had no prospects. 
                And he had no car.  And he had no respect...for anything.  He 
               certainly had no respect for my virginity.  And I liked that, 
               too.She takes a long, luxurious drag.GRANDMOTHERBut I had to make a choice.  I chose your grandfather.  The day 
               before the wedding, I went to let the other boy down.  Met him 
               by a river where we used to swim.  Well, one thing led to another, 
               and when I returned home that night, I'd left my virginity back 
               in the tall grass by that river.Sarah sits on the edge of her chair.GRANDMOTHERBut I did bring something back.  A bite mark.  That sonuvabitch 
               left on my neck, the size of a peach pit.SARAHDid Pappy see it?GRANDMOTHERHe did and he didn't.  On the wedding night -- in this house 
               -- I managed to squeak by.  It was dark.  We were shy.  He took 
               me in his arms and said, "I'm glad you waited for me."  In other 
               words, I lost my virginity twice in the same week.They both laugh.SARAHNo small feat.GRANDMOTHERIt's an accomplishment.  But the next morning, your Pappy saw 
               it.  He demanded an explanation.  And, Sarah, do you know how 
               I got out of that pickle?SARAHYou lied.GRANDMOTHERDamn right.  I said, "What, you don't remember giving me this?" 
               He said, "No."  And I said, "Well, you were so fired up last 
               night, it's a wonder you can remember anything."(beat)

               And the beast was tamed.

               Sarah considers the story.SARAHAnd you've never been tempted to...GRANDMOTHERWhat?  Come clean with your Pappy?  Why should I tell him?  He 
               had nothing to do with it.SARAHRight.GRANDMOTHERIt's mine.  Not his.SARAHI wonder what became of that boy.GRANDMOTHERNever saw him again.  I don't regret a thing, if that's what 
               you're wondering.SARAHI was, in fact.GRANDMOTHERLook what I have.  I have you.

               (beat)

               And you know what else?  I have the tall grass by that river. 
                And those clouds.  From where I was laying the clouds looked 
               really beautiful that day.CUT TOINT. THE MODEL CITY/OFFICE - DAYThe same model we saw at the start of our story.  We glide toward 
               a miniature suburban development.  Row upon row of houses, each 
               no different than the next.Over this --SARAHI don't believe it.  You're actually asking my opinion.  You 
               really want to know what I think?We TILT UP to reveal that we're in--

               The well-appointed office of the well-heeled JOSH, an architect 
               in his early 40s.  Josh studies the model like a boy with a train 
               set.  Sarah stands beside him.JOSHTo tell you the truth, no.  I just wanted to hear your voice. 
                You've barely said "boo" to me all morning.SARAH(shrugs)

               Boo.JOSHAlright, what do you think of it?SARAHYou'd have to pay me to live in that neighborhood.

               (off his look)

               Hey, what do I know?  I'm just the assistant.JOSHWhat are they going to think?  That's all that matters.SARAHTo paraphrase you, this is going to give them a major hard-on. 
                Not the women, of course.JOSHYou haven't met these women.

               Sarah laughs, catches herself and stops.CUT TOINT. OFFICE CORRIDOR - DAYSarah and Josh move down a hall toward the elevators.  Josh is 
               in micro-management mode --JOSHThe champagne order?SARAHDone.  Dom Perignon.  Fifteen cases.JOSHInvitations?SARAHA messenger is meeting us at the site with the proofs.JOSHGood.

               He reaches behind her and pats her butt.SARAHStop it.JOSHI can't.SARAHHave you never heard of the phrase "impulse control"?

               They reach the elevators.JOSHI love it when you're full of contempt.

               She just glares.SARAHPeople are starting to notice, Josh.  I work very hard to act 
               completely indifferent toward you.  The least you could do is 
               to keep your hands to yourself.JOSHI've got a better idea.SARAHWhat?JOSHWhy don't I distribute a memo, informing everyone that you and 
               I are not sleeping together?SARAHJosh, just for the sake of variety, could you take me seriously 
               for a moment?JOSHAlright, alright.  I have another idea.SARAHPlease, don't...JOSHLet's just end it.

               Beat.SARAHYes.  I think we should.

               Josh didn't expect this.  The elevator arrives.  He steps aboard 
               and holds the door for her.JOSHComing?SARAHI'm going to take the stairs.

               Josh shrugs and lets the doors close.

               A beat.  Sarah considers the stairs, then hits the down button 
               again.CUT TOEXT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAYSarah and Todd eat lunch on a bench in a busy promenade.  Deli 
               sandwiches in wax paper rest on their laps.SARAHI can't put my finger on it...I just don't feel it's happening 
               with us.TODDYou don't want it work out, that's what you're saying.SARAHI do.  I mean, I did.  It's no one's fault.  It's chemistry.Beat.TODDYou want your pickle?SARAHDo you want your pickle?!TODDYou know what the problem is?  The first night we went out, we 
               should've just fucked.  Right away.  Without thinking.  Two dumb 
               bunnies.  Without any history,  any baggage.  A pair of blank 
               slates.  Fucking.  It could've been perfectly meaningless.  You 
               want chemistry?  The less you think, the better the chemistry. 
                Less talk, more action.SARAHI'm sorry.  It's just not happening for me.TODDThe least you can do is give me your goddam pickle.

               They look away from each other.  Todd eats in silence.  The pickle 
               sits between them.CUT TOEXT. SUBURBAN DEVELOPMENT - DAYJosh's model come to life.  A fallow stretch of land lined with 
               unfinished houses, some more skeletal than others.At one site we find two parked cars.  A gold Lincoln Navigator 
               and an old BMW convertible.CUT TOINT. HOUSE - DAYA house-in-progress.  The walls are in place, but little else. 
                Stray two-by-fours, saw horses, electrical cable.  And...no 
               roof.In an upstairs room -- what will soon be the master bedroom, 
               Josh confers with a construction supervisor.  Nearby, Sarah talks 
               on her cell phone.SARAH(into phone)

               I don't care if it costs the same, if it's not Dom Perignon tell 
               them we don't want it, alright?...Good.  Anybody else call?  
               Nobody, huh...Okay.As she hangs up the construction supervisor exits.  Sarah and 
               Josh are alone.SARAHGuess I'll be heading back...JOSHWait.

               (beat)

               About the other day...Are you having any second thoughts?SARAH(shrugs)

               No.  None.JOSHYou're angry I called it quits, aren't you?  You can admit it.SARAHNo.  In fact, I want to thank you.JOSHFor what?SARAHFor sparing me from the most unhealthy relationship I've ever 
               had in my life.  For that, I thank you.Josh raises his hands in surrender.JOSHTouch�.SARAHAre you having seconds thoughts?JOSHNo.  I say, let's make a clean break.  Let's just walk away from 
               it.Sarah smiles.  She extends her hand.JOSHWhat are you doing?SARAHLet's seal the deal.  Shake.

               It's a little awkward, but they do.JOSHAlright.  Now that we've put that behind us, there's one problem 
               left.SARAHWhat?JOSHWhere do we put the bed?

               Josh gestures to the empty room.  Sarah smiles -- it's a familiar 
               game.SARAHOh, the bed.  Let's put it against this wall.  Away from the 
               morning sun.JOSHWrong.  It's got to go here.  So you can see the hallway.

               They head out.

               As Josh and Sarah leave the house, they "decorate" several rooms.INT. ANOTHER BEDROOM -- DAYSARAHNot enough height for bunk beds.JOSHWhy do you assume there will be two children?SARAHThere has to be.  They need to keep each other company.INT. THE KITCHEN -- DAYSARAHDefinitely not enough space for two people to cook.JOSHI prefer to eat out.INT. THE LIVING ROOM -- DAYThey size up the space, enjoying their play.  Sara walks around 
               imaginary furniture.SARAHOh, no.  I wouldn't put the ottoman there.JOSHWhere would you put it?SARAHIt needs to go over...

               She waves her hand, accidentally brushing against Josh's chest. 
                She lets her hand linger...SARAHHmmm.JOSHWhat?

               ...and linger.  They both know what's happening.SARAHWe have another problem.JOSHAnd that would be...?SARAHWhat do we do with the elephant in the room?JOSHYou're very clever.

               She rubs his chest.SARAHWe shouldn't be rude to an elephant.

               She lets her hand drop to his crotch.SARAHThey can get very annoyed...if you ignore them.

               She pulls Josh to her and kisses him.  Josh fairly attacks her, 
               his hands all over her body.After a few lustful beats, he lifts her and she wraps her legs 
               around him.SARAHJosh.  The door.

               It's an absurd request -- the room is completely exposed, but 
               Josh carries her to the front door and kicks it closed.--as the door slams, obscuring our view.ON JOSH AND SARAHWith Sarah's back against the door, Josh enters her.CLOSE ON SARAHShe looks up.  With no roof above them, she has a brilliant view 
               of...the clouds.  They float past as she thinks--SARAH (V.O.) (cont'd)

               ...Let's not put a roof on this house today...let's leave the 
               walls unfinished...it's okay not to know where the sofa goes...The 
               colors?  We can choose them another day...I like it the way it 
               is... undone... undecided...a work in progress...She moans -- there's nothing quiet about her at all.

               Fade out.FADE IN:INT. THE LIVING ROOM - LATER - DAYJosh and Sarah have finished.  He tucks in his shirt.  She puts 
               on a shoe.JOSHI have to tell you, that was the best "break-up" sex I've ever 
               had.Sarah considers this.  Nods.SARAHIt was, wasn't it?

               (beat)

               Closure is important.

               jOSH

               Now you can move on.  You can meet someone who...

               sarah

               What?  Someone who's not a prick like you.

               Josh reacts -- slightly offended.

               joSH

               No.  Someone who's...free.

               sarah

               Oh.  Right.

               (beat)

               As if that would have made any difference in this...what is this 
               thing called again?  A relationship?She's fishing -- she hates herself for it.

               sarah (cont'd)

               It wouldn't have made any difference, right?

               jOSH

               I'm surprised you have to ask.

               sarah

               I'm not asking.

               He'll answer, anyway.

               joSH

               If my hands weren't tied...it might have made all the difference.Beat.

               sarah

               I said I wasn't asking.  And that's the worst answer you could've 
               given.cUT TOEXT. HOUSE - DAYJosh and Sarah get into their respective cars -- her BMW, his 
               Navigator.Josh looks at himself in the rear-view mirror.  He reacts--JoSH

               What the hell is this?

               Sarah looks over.

               joSH (cont'd)

               You bit me on the neck!  I've got a goddam hickey!

               Sure enough, there is a bright red mark on his neck.

               Sarah comes over.  She reacts with shock, embarrassment, then...laughter.joSH (cont'd)

               What's so goddam funny?  You did this on purpose, didn't you?sarah

               I did not.  I was just...I didn't mean to...I was caught up in 
               the moment.And she laughs again.

               jOSH

               What the hell are we going to do about this?

               sARAH

               Josh, you are a big boy.  You can take care of this on your own.Josh glares at her, starts his engine, and leaves her in the 
               dust.cUT TO:INT. TODD'S APARTMENT - DAYTodd is on the kitchen phone.  Lorna's bracelet sits on the counter.TODD(into phone)

               No, no, no.  You don't understand.  I don't want an appointment, 
               I just need to get in touch with her...She left a package here 
               by mistake, a gift...No, I'd rather give it to her myself...Lorna, 
               but I assume none of you use your real names...What?  But she 
               was working last week?...And you don't have a forwarding number? 
                ...Look, it's really important that I get this back to her, 
               so--The line goes dead.TODDDammit.

               He dials again.  Then, a knock at the door.  Todd reacts -- he's 
               not expecting anyone.He opens the door and finds--SARAHStill dressed in the clothes she wore earlier.  She holds a small 
               paper bag.TODDSarah...SARAHI brought you something.

               She hands him the bag.  He looks inside.TODDPickles.  Huh.

               (beat)

               What's in your hair?

               She touches her hair.SARAHOh.  Sawdust.  Lots of sawdust at the job site.

               (beat)

               Can I come in?

               Todd puts the bag of pickles on the kitchen counter.  He sees 
               Lorna's bracelet...and slides it into a trash can.CUT TOINT. PHARMACY - NIGHTJosh, still sporting his hickey, approaches the humorless teenage 
               GIRL behind the counter.GIRLNeed some help?JOSHYes, I have a problem.  I need some...something to cover up a...Hell, 
               just take a look.Josh shows the Girl his hickey.GIRLYeah.  You're fucked.JOSHI can do without the attitude, thank-you.GIRLTry concealer.  Aisle three.JOSH(impatient)

               But what do I do with it?GIRLJust put it on.  And call your lawyer.

               She smiles.CUT TOEXT. JOSH'S HOUSE - NIGHTIn the driveway of his fashionable home are two parked cars. 
                Josh's Mercedes S430 and his wife's Lexus RX300.In the Mercedes, Josh finishes applying the concealer to his 
               neck.  He checks himself in the mirror -- the hickey is completely 
               gone.His hands, however, have concealer all over them.CUT TOINT. JOSH'S BATHROOM - NIGHTJosh washes his hands in the master bathroom.  He double-checks 
               his neck in the mirror.  From the adjoining bedroom, we hear 
               -- but do not see -- his wife GWEN.GWENUnbelievable.JOSHWhat?GWENI'm reading a stupid article in a stupid magazine.JOSHIf it's stupid, why read it?GWEN(ignores this)

               The whole issue is devoted to famous couples who are breaking 
               up.  Listen to this...Remember the blonde doctor on that show 
               you hate?JOSHYeah.  She's a bore.GWENShe's breaking up with her husband of twenty years.  Said a friend, 
               "Her show's in syndication, she's thin, she's rich and she wants 
               to play." Josh dries his hands.JOSHSome poor tree gave its life so we could know that.GWENIt's comforting, reading about these broken marriages.

               Josh opens the door into the--INT. JOSH'S BEDROOM - NIGHTGwen sits under the covers with her magazine.  In her late 30s, 
               she is a refined, patrician beauty.  As Josh undresses for bed--JOSHWhy?GWENIt's not enough for our marriage to succeed.  Everyone else's 
               must fail.JOSHIs this going to be one of those nights?GWENWhat?JOSHOne of those nights we talk.GWENNo.  There's no need to talk, because there's no problem.

               He gets into bed next to her.JOSHI've been under a lot of stress.GWENYou don't have to apologize.  There's nothing wrong with the 
               slump we're going through.  In fact, it's a good thing.JOSHHow's that?

               He turns off the side light.  We can't see them -- the room is 
               completely dark.GWENToo much passion can ruin a marriage.  Look at Eric and Sylvia. 
                At the beginning, you couldn't pry them apart.  They were joined 
               at the genitals.  And, then...total burn-out.  A marriage cannot 
               sustain that kind of intensity.  It's good for people to grow 
               bored with each other.  That way, they can meet and fall in love 
               again.She snuggles up to him, strokes his back.GWENIn case you hadn't noticed...I'm trying to seduce you.JOSHI can feel that.GWENYou're welcome to reciprocate.

               Josh turns on the light and sits up.JOSHI can't.GWENIt's alright.JOSHTo seduce...to be seduced, there needs to be an element of surprise. 
                I know all your moves.  You know mine.  How can there be any 
               surprise?Gwen sits up, throws back the sheet.GWENRub my feet.

               He does.GWENI think we should have an affair.JOSHWhat?GWENWith each other.JOSHThat makes no sense.GWENYou pick me up at a bar...JOSHAnd, what?  Pretend I don't know you?GWEN(ignores him)

               Or we could meet at a hotel.  I'll register under my maiden name. 
                Just like THE GRADUATE.JOSHTHE GRADUATE is about a married woman having an affair with a 
               college boy.GWENWhen I met you, you were a college boy.JOSHGwen, THE GRADUATE is a story about a very unhappy woman who 
               has an affair out of wedlock.  As I recall, it turns out rather 
               badly for her.GWENAlright.  Bad example.

               (rethe foot rub)

               You can stop.JOSHActors pretend.  That's what they do.  I'm not an actor.  And 
               I love you the way you are.GWENI love you, too.

               And he turns out the light again.JOSHPretending to be strangers is not going to solve the problem.Beat.GWENWho said there was a problem?CUT TOINT. OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHTA cocktail party at Josh's firm.  Josh is the center of attention, 
               greeting investors, fielding compliments.  Gwen stands beside 
               him, drinking champagne -- Dom Perignon, after all.JOSH'S POVThrough the crowd he spots Sarah, entering with her date -- Todd.GWENYour lovely assistant is here.

               (reTodd)

               You didn't tell me she had a new boyfriend.JOSHI don't ask her about her personal life.

               Sarah and Todd arrive.SARAHHey, you two.  Todd, this is my boss Josh, and his wife Gwen.Todd and Josh shake hands.TODDSarah's told me a lot about you.

               Josh is not sure how to take that.GWENSarah, you look great.  You've been keeping my boy on his best 
               behavior?SARAHIt's a dirty job, but somebody's got to do it.GWENI know he asks to go above and beyond the call of duty.SARAHHe can be tough.JOSHBut fair.GWENJosh, I'm trying to thank Sarah for all the extra attention she 
               gives you.SARAHYou're welcome.GWENWe should really have you over for dinner, Sarah.  It's been 
               too long.  You can bring...TODDTodd.GWENSorry.  I'm hopeless when it comes to names.JOSHEspecially after two glasses of champagne.GWENHey, I'm still working on the first, thank you.

               (to Todd)

               So, are you two living together?TODDLiving together?  No.

               Sarah and Todd both laugh.SARAHWe've only known each other a few weeks.

               Josh reacts -- he knew nothing of this.GWENYou two seem to fit.  It only took me a few days to know with 
               Josh.  In fact, I knew after the first date.SARAHYou knew what?GWENThat he was the one for me.JOSH(to Sarah)

               She loves to embarrass me.SARAH(to Gwen)

               Don't stop.  I want to hear about this first date.GWENWell, it was the cheapest date I've ever been on.JOSHI was broke.GWENDo you know the Chinese place on Third?  That little hole-in-the-wall?TODDI know it.  Used to be a cool dive.  Now it's ultra-hip and overpriced.This news gives Gwen pause.GWENReally?  I think our first dinner cost a grand total of ten dollars.JOSHGwen loves to dissect our first date.GWENIt was a momentous night.  Babe, we should really go back there.Josh gestures to the bar.JOSHGwen, why don't you continue your stroll down memory lane while 
               I drink?  Todd, you up for it?TODDSure.

               They move away toward--INT. OFFICE BUILDING - THE BAR - NIGHTAs Josh and Todd sidle up--.JOSH(to bartender)

               Gin.  Straight up.  Olives.

               (Todd)

               What are you having?TODDI'm fine, thanks.JOSHSo...Sarah's an attractive girl.TODDVery.JOSHYou two serious?TODD(shrugs)

               Hard to say.JOSHShe wants to play the field, right?TODDNo, that's not it.JOSHI see.  You want to fuck around.

               Todd reacts.JOSHC'mon, we're guys.  I know the drill.

               Todd considers his audience, then decides to open up--TODDWe dated a few times, and to be honest, I was on the fence about 
               Sarah.  I liked her, but I didn't think we were in a good groove. 
                Then, a couple weeks ago, her grandmother died.  Things changed.JOSHI didn't know.

               (beat)

               She didn't say a thing about it.TODDIt wasn't unexpected, but Sarah took it really hard.  So where 
               did that leave me?  I was ambivalent about things, right?  But 
               then my ambivalence had to take a back seat.  I had to be there 
               for her.  Completely.  And, ready or not, our relationship became...a 
               real relationship.Josh simply listens.TODDYou know, I wasn't ready to be that involved with anybody.  I 
               don't know...Death has a funny way of making you get outside 
               yourself.Josh looks past Todd--JOSH'S POVGwen is still chatting with Sarah.  Gwen makes eye contact with 
               Josh and sends him a warm smile.CUT TOINT. JOSH'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHTJosh and Gwen drive home in silence.  Gwen notices something 
               out the window.GWENYou missed the on-ramp.JOSHI know.GWENWhy?JOSHSomewhere we need to go first.CUT TOEXT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHTThe Mercedes pulls up to the "Happiness Chinese Restaurant." 
                Josh and Gwen get out and take in the sight--GWENWe don't have to do this tonight.JOSHYes, we do.

               She peers in the window.GWENWe can't go in here.  Everything's different.

               He opens the door for her.JOSHThat's okay.  We're different, too.CUT TOINT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHTUpscale lighting.  Modern, non-Chinese decor.  Anything but a 
               hole-in-the-wall.Josh and Gwen are in a booth--GWENSarah's a very interesting girl.  Did you know she's training 
               for the marathon?JOSHI don't want to talk about Sarah.GWENWhat do you want to talk about, then?JOSHI want to talk about me...

               A beat.JOSH...and what a fool I've been.

               Gwen is not prepared for this.JOSHI thought if we came here tonight we could...start again.GWEN(flustered)

               But I thought you were over this place.  And, look...There's 
               nothing left.  Not one remnant of our first date...anywhere.Josh sees a plate of fortune cookies on the next table -- somebody 
               left without eating them.JOSH(brightens)

               The fortune cookies haven't changed.

               He brings over the plate.GWENYou're supposed to wait--JOSHI can't wait.  I have to know.

               He opens the first.JOSH(reading)

               "You are on the verge of success"...in bed.

               Gwen laughs, opens one herself.GWEN(reading)

               "You will have a change of plans"...in bed.

               Josh reacts, opens a third.JOSH(reading)

               "You are very creative"...in bed.GWENHmm.  That's what I've heard.JOSHThe last cookie.  Go ahead.GWENNo.  You open it.

               He slowly cracks in open.JOSHIt's blank.

               (checks both sides)

               I got a blank.GWENBlank...in bed.  That's disappointing.JOSHNo, it's perfect.  Blank...no problems, no history, nothing...in 
               bed.He takes her hand.CUT TOEXT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHTJosh and Gwen approach their car.  It's late.  Behind them, the 
               restaurant is closing.JOSHBy the way, I didn't get your name.GWENWhat?

               (off his smile)

               Oh, my name.

               She glances across the street.  A shop window sign reads, "Bail 
               Bonds."GWENMy name is Gail.  Gail Bonds.JOSHWell, Gail, I'm not usually this forward on a first date, may 
               I take you to my car and ravish you?GWENHmm.  On one condition.JOSHWhat's that?GWENThat you tell me your name.JOSHOh, I thought everyone knew my name.  I'm Bill Gates.  Billionaire.She laughs.INT. JOSH'S CAR -- NIGHTThey get into the back seat and begin to kiss.GWENIs it true what they say, Bill, about billionaires?  That all 
               the wealth is just a way to compensate...for size?JOSHPeople are jealous.GWENI can imagine.  It must be so lonely at the top.

               He reaches between her knees.GWENWhat are you doing?JOSHWhat do you think I'm doing?

               (beat)

               The fortune cookie said you're on the verge of success...in bed.GWENWe're not in a bed.JOSHYou shouldn't read fortune cookies too literally.

               Josh swings Gwen onto his lap.  They go at each other like...a 
               couple of college kids.CLOSE ON JOSHAs he makes love to his wife, he thinks--JOSH...Can anyone see us?...Is anyone looking?...Why should it bother 
               you?  You're alone...with your wife...That's the way it's supposed 
               to be...You know every inch of her...every smell...every sigh...every 
               freckle...the shape of her ass...the mole under her nipple...the 
               whole history of her body...And, you know that if you really 
               concentrate, you can succeed...in imagining...she's someone you 
               don't know...He puts his mind to it--FADE OUT:FADE IN:INT. GWEN'S HOUSE - DAYGwen and her mother JOANNE are in the living room looking at 
               samples of fabric.  At sixty, Joanne is robust and shrewd.GWENColor.  That's the problem with this room, it needs color.  Think 
               of...the vibrant colors of Haiti.JOANNEPersonally, Haiti does nothing for me.  When your father and 
               I were there -- this was before you were born, I almost died 
               from a piece of lettuce, and I wouldn't want anything to remind 
               me of that trip.(beat)

               Anyway, quit changing the subject.

               Gwen puts down the swatches.GWENAlright.  I didn't say anything.JOANNEBecause you're not sure?GWENNo, I'm sure.  I'm sure he's sleeping with her.

               (beat)

               And I may have to kill him.JOANNEHmm.GWENWhat?  You think I should just forget about it?JOANNEYes, I do.GWENMother, don't you think honesty is essential in a marriage?JOANNEIt depends.  It can be quite detrimental.

               Gwen begins to pace in exasperation.JOANNEAlright.  Confront him.  You know where it will get you.  Your 
               whole marriage will unravel, and you'll have nothing.  All the 
               things you take for granted -- month-long vacations in St. Lucia 
               -- they'll disappear.  You'll be a divorced woman in her late 
               30s.  Lonely.GWENWhy did I invite you over?  You make me feel like shit.JOANNEThat's my job.

               The phone rings.GWENThe machine can get it.JOANNEI don't monitor calls.  It makes me feel like I'm hiding in my 
               own home.BEEP.  From the answering machine--VOICEGwen, this is David Warren.  Hopefully, a welcome voice from 
               your past.  My show's on hiatus and I'm in town for the weekend. 
                I'd love to catch up.  Are you free for coffee...or something?JOANNEPick up the phone.

               Gwen just stares at the machine.VOICEI have no idea what you're up to...I hope life is treating you 
               well.  I heard through a friend of a friend of a friend that 
               you're still married.  Congratulations.  If you want, give me 
               a call.  I'm crashing at my sister's.  The number is -- hold 
               on-- the number is 235-4511.  Hope to hear from you.CLICK.GWENWow.JOANNEHow long has it been?GWENCollege.JOANNEHave you ever seen his show?  It's absolutely dreadful.  I never 
               miss it.GWENIf Josh isn't home, I'll watch it.JOANNEHmm.  It's Kismet, then.GWENWhat?JOANNEA brief liaison with an old flame.  The perfect way to deal with 
               your anger.GWENYou're insane.  You're an insane mother.JOANNEIt'll be good for your self-esteem.GWENDid it occur to you that maybe he just wants to have coffee?Joanne crosses to the answering machine.  Rewinds the tape.  
               Hits play.DAVID'S VOICE...on hiatus and I'm in town for the weekend.  Are you free for 
               coffee...or something?She hits stop.JOANNE"Coffee...or something."  He's flirting, admit it.  Coffee...or 
               something.GWENHe's stammering.  He's nervous.  He's calling out of the blue!Joanne gathers her purse.JOANNEYou're wrong.  I'm right, and I'm going.  But take a tip from 
               someone who's been there.  Opportunity is knocking, Gwen.  You 
               have a chance to level the playing field.(beat)

               You have a chance to do something good for your marriage.

               Joanne exits.CUT TOINT. GWEN'S BATHROOM - DAYMorning.  Gwen, fresh from the shower, studies her face in the 
               mirror as Josh -- unseen, in the bedroom -- dresses for work.JOSHYou're right.  We could use some more color in the living room.(beat)

               Gwen?GWENYes?JOSHI said you're right.GWENAbout what?JOSHAbout more color in the living room.GWENOh.  I'm glad you think so.

               She leans closer to inspect a new wrinkle.CUT TOINT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAYAn upscale hotel.  Gwen, in a sheer blouse and a slim leather 
               skirt, fills out the registration card at the front desk.  The 
               DESK CLERK looks up from his computer.DESK CLERKAnd how many nights will you be staying with us?GWENOne.DESK CLERKWe do have a two-night minimum.GWENThen...two.

               She hands him the card.GWENI'd like to pay in cash.DESK CLERKThat won't be a problem.  We just need a credit card imprint 
               for your incidentals...Gwen reacts.  The Desk Clerk puts her at ease.DESK CLERK...which we tear up when you check out.

               Gwen smiles.DESK CLERKWill you be needing more than one key?GWENTwo, please.CUT TOINT. HOTEL RESTAURANT - DAYGwen and DAVID lunch in the hotel's elegant dining room.  David 
               is quite the draw, turning heads across the room.  And, it's 
               no wonder.  He has real magnetism.DAVID WARRENI'm still reeling.  It was the most humbling experience of my 
               life.  Getting raked over the coals by a bunch of sixteen-year 
               old drama students!  At my own alma mater!GWENI'm surprised they weren't all over you.DAVID WARRENThey were, with knives drawn.GWENWhat did they say?DAVID WARRENBasically, why am I working on a piece of shit like MALIBU NIGHTS 
               when I should be doing Shakespeare or Chekhov?(beat)

               It was brutal.

               A WAITER delivers a bottle of champagne to David.WAITERCompliments from the table in the corner.

               The Waiter gestures.  David and Gwen turn.  In the corner three 
               middle-aged women are smiling.David mouths a gracious "thank you" their way.GWENSee?  Those women are happy you're not doing Shakespeare.

               Beat.DAVID WARRENGwen.  You look great.  You haven't changed a bit.GWENI don't think I'm MALIBU NIGHTS material.DAVID WARRENThose women!  Walking boob jobs.  They're appalling.GWENYou look like you enjoy kissing them.DAVID WARRENIt's very simple.  I close my eyes and imagine I'm kissing someone 
               else.GWENHmm.  Someone else in particular?DAVID WARRENYes.GWENIf she's as tan as you, I don't want to hear about it.

               David reaches for his wallet.DAVID WARRENHere, take a look...

               He hands her a photo.  In it, we see David standing with a distinguished 
               man in his mid-40s.  With them is a smiling boy, about eleven.Gwen is nonplussed.DAVID WARRENWhat's wrong with this picture, huh?

               She smiles.GWENWell...Let's start with the man, upper left.DAVID WARRENAndy.  My partner.  And the best thing that's ever happened to 
               me.GWENOkay.  And the boy?DAVID WARRENEric.  He's Andy's son from a marriage that -- needless to say 
               -- didn't work.  Andy came out when Eric was just five.  Great 
               kid.GWENAnd when did you...?DAVID WARRENCome out?  About fifteen years ago.

               (off Gwen's look)

               Is this too much information?GWENNo.  But fifteen years ago...That was right after--DAVID WARRENYou and me.GWENWas I the last woman?

               David nods.GWENWas I that bad?

               David laughs.DAVID WARRENNo, you were fantastic.  I was completely confused.

               Gwen quickly gulps down some champagne.DAVID WARRENWhat's the matter?GWENNothing.  I'm very happy for you.  And, I have to confess, I'm 
               relieved.DAVID WARRENWhy?

               Beat.GWENOh -- what the hell -- we're friends, right?DAVID WARRENI'm listening.GWENI had this ridiculous idea that you wanted to get together to 
               have a...DAVID WARRENOh.GWENYou know...for old time's sake.DAVID WARRENUh-huh.GWENAnd, frankly, I wasn't looking forward to turning you down.  
               Which I would have, of course.  Had you...asked.  Which you're 
               not, because you're...you're...DAVID WARRENMarried.GWENRight.DAVID WARRENHappily.GWENRight.

               She slides her empty glass toward him.GWENWould you pour me a little more, David?CUT TOINT. HOTEL LOBBY -DAYGwen leans against the front desk.  Tipsy.  The Desk Clerk approaches.DESK CLERKCan I help you, ma'am?

               Gwen looks lost.DESK CLERKAre you okay?GWENI'd like to check out.DESK CLERKWas there a problem?GWENYes.  I was stood up...by the past.

               Beat.DESK CLERKI'm sorry.  We won't charge you for the room.GWENNo, you don't understand.DESK CLERKYes.  I do.

               (beat)

               More than you might think.

               Gwen stares at him.DESK CLERKShall I close out the account?GWENNo.  I need the room after all.

               (beat)

               Will you show me the way there?

               The Desk Clerk looks at her with no apparent interest.DESK CLERKYou're in luck.  I was just about to take my break.CUT TOINT. ELEVATOR - DAYThe Desk Clerk and Gwen ride in the elevator.  Silently.  There 
               is no discernible connection between them.CUT TOINT. HOTEL HALLWAY - DAYThe Desk Clerk leads Gwen to the room.  It couldn't look more 
               business-like.CUT TOINT. HOTEL ROOM - DAYThey enter.  He locks the door.  She surveys the room.DESK CLERKSomething from the mini-bar?GWENNo.DESK CLERKHow's the air conditioning?GWENFine.DESK CLERKShall I pull down the covers?GWENI suppose.DESK CLERKDo you want to know my name?GWENNo.

               He takes her in his arms.DESK CLERKYou're shaking.GWENI'll be fine.

               (beat)

               This could get you in trouble.  You could lose your job, right?DESK CLERKI don't care.GWENYou don't even know me.DESK CLERKYou're right.GWENWe have nothing in common.

               Beat.DESK CLERKThat's where you're wrong.

               He begins to unbutton her blouse.  Without touching.  Without 
               affection.  After a beat, she begins to unbutton his shirt.CUT TOINT. HOTEL HALLWAY - DAYA little later.  A maid vacuums the carpet as the Desk Clerk 
               emerges, followed by Gwen.  They cross to the elevator, as business-like 
               as before.DESK CLERK(to the Maid)

               Buenas tardes, se�ora.CUT TOINT. ELEVATOR - CONTINUOUSGwen and the Desk Clerk board the elevator.  He presses "L" for 
               lobby.  She presses "P" for parking.GWENThank you for taking care of the room.DESK CLERKYour welcome.

               And they ride in silence.

               In Gwen's mind--GWEN...And now the score is tied...Oh my God, what will I tell my 
               mother?  I did it with a desk clerk.  Hardly the affair to remember...Of 
               course, she will disapprove.  "Is English even his first language? 
                This is your idea of a liaison?  Your idea of leveling the playing 
               field?  You don't even know the boy's name--"Gwen touches the Desk Clerk's arm.GWENWhat's your name?DESK CLERKDavid.GWENWhat?  You're kidding me.

               Gwen laughs -- she can't help it.DAVIDNo.  What's so funny?GWENNothing, it's just--

               She laughs even harder.  The elevator door opens.  David gets 
               out and looks at her oddly.GWENSorry, I just...I didn't think you'd be named David.INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAYThe door closes on Gwen, leaving David in the lobby.  A bit befuddled.INT. HOTEL FRONT DESK - DAYDavid resumes his post.  DESK CLERK #2 works beside him.  He 
               leans to David--DESK CLERK #2There's a woman waiting to see you.  She's been here for half 
               an hour.He points to a lobby chair, where we find ROSALIE -- 22, spunky, 
               mercurial.  In short...trouble.She and David made eye contact.  She springs up and advances 
               toward him.DAVIDWhy are you here?ROSALIEYou weren't going to return my calls.DAVIDDon't you have more important things to do?  Picking flowers, 
               honeymoon reservations...ROSALIEIs there somewhere we can talk?

               The desk phone rings.  David picks it up.DAVID(into phone)

               Front desk, David speaking...No, sir.  Tap water is very drinkable 
               in this city...Of course, sir.  We'll send up some bottled water 
               right away.He hangs up.ROSALIEIs there somewhere we can talk?DAVIDWhat's wrong with here?ROSALIEPrivately.DAVIDBut here, I won't be tempted to raise my voice or do something 
               rash.  That's the first lesson of hotel management.  Never lose 
               your cool, no matter how annoying the guest is.  Not that I plan 
               to go into hotel management.  I don't have ambitions in that 
               direction.  Or any direction, if I recall you correctly.The desk phone rings again.  Exasperated, David grabs it.DAVID(into phone)

               Front desk, David speaking...Yes, ma'am, the restaurant has a 
               smoking section...Well, I didn't make the policy...If it's any 
               consolation, the smokers are seated in a little corner of the 
               patio, and they feel very bad about themselves.He hangs up.  And gives Rosalie a very deliberate look.DAVIDRosie, you'd better leave.  Before I get myself fired.

               She starts to protest.  Thinks better of it, and exits.CUT TOINT. EMPLOYEE BREAK ROOM - DAYDavid hangs his uniform shirt in his locker.  He gathers his 
               personal things.  A jacket, a knapsack, and...a violin case.The HOTEL MANAGER approaches.HOTEL MANAGERYo, fiddler on the roof.

               David reacts -- this is the last person he wants to deal with.HOTEL MANAGER(regards the violin)

               Wish I could play an instrument.  Chicks really dig that stuff. 
                Tried the guitar in high school.  What can I say?  No discipline.DAVIDDiscipline.  Always a struggle.HOTEL MANAGERI hear you.  For instance, it takes a certain discipline to know 
               that when you're working at the hotel, when you're on the clock...(shrugs)

               ...you shouldn't fuck the guests.

               David was not expecting this.

               HOTEL MANAGER (cont'd)

               You want to bring your girlfriend here on your day off?  That's 
               a different story.  I'll even give you the corporate rate on 
               a room.(beat)

               Just don't do it while you're on the clock.  You hear me?DAVIDIt won't happen again.HOTEL MANAGERGood.

               David marches away.CUT TOINT. MUSIC CONSERVATORY - DAYIn a sun-lit practice room, a string quartet rehearses.  Four 
               men -- David included, perform an energetic movement from a Beethoven 
               quartet.NOTE: Throughout the film, we've heard this string quartet as 
               underscore.  Now...we meet the soundtrack.David plays with emotion and a physicality we haven't seen in 
               him -- truly, this is where he lives.CUT TOINT. CONSERVATORY HALLWAY - DAYAfter the rehearsal.  Violin at his side, David trudges through 
               the exit.  Music emanates from every room.  He turns a corner, 
               runs smack into--ROSALIE.She's been waiting.DAVIDJesus!

               She simply picks up where they left off--ROSALIEI want you to be there on Sunday.DAVIDNo.ROSALIEYou told me we'd always be friends.DAVIDI lied.ROSALIEYou're an important part of my life, David.  There's so much 
               history between us.  I don't want to trash it simply because--DAVIDBecause what?  Because you're getting married?

               Beat.DAVIDRosie, I want you to be happy.  I do.  And someday, we'll be 
               friends.  Someday, we'll all go out to dinner.  The four of us.ROSALIEThe four of us?DAVIDSure.  Me, you, Jerry, and whatever pale imitation of you I can 
               dig up to be my date.ROSALIEStop it.

               But he's on a roll--DAVIDAnd the check will come and Jerry will pick up the tab and I'll 
               protest, but not too much.  Then, you'll give me a kiss on the 
               cheek, and some dim memory will stir in me, but not for too long. 
                And we'll say, "It was great to see you."  And it will be great 
               to see you...(beat)

               ...then.  But, until then....good-bye.

               David exits, leaving Rosalie alone in the cacophonous hall.CUT TOINT. APARTMENT - DAYA clean, modern apartment that Rosalie shares with JERRY -- late 
               20s, upstanding, sturdy good looks.Rosalie and Jerry sit in the living room, meeting with their 
               WEDDING PLANNER -- a highly efficient woman in her mid-50s.WEDDING PLANNERWe've  got a few more things to cover.  The photos.  There's 
               a courtyard behind the church.  It's a popular backdrop.  Our 
               photographer says the light is gorgeous.  We need twenty minutes 
               before the ceremony for singles.(beat)

               Oh.  Jerry, your father's press secretary insists on sending 
               someone from the papers.  I told him you want to keep this as 
               private as possible, but...What could I do?JERRYI know.  It is an election year.WEDDING PLANNERExactly what he said.ROSALIEIt's okay.WEDDING PLANNERRight.  The guest list.  We have a few more no-show's.

               She consults a list.WEDDING PLANNERMr. and Mrs. Bennett send their regrets.  Also, Ms. Rothman will 
               no be attending.ROSALIEOh.  David Freeman.  He's not coming.

               Jerry reacts.JERRYHe's not?ROSALIENo.  He's not.JERRYAfter all that shit you put me through, now he's not even coming.The Wedding Planner smiles politely.WEDDING PLANNERSo, if there are any last-minute--JERRY(ignores her)

               I guess that means you've been talking with him.ROSALIEYes, I talked to him.  And I...

               (to Wedding Planner)

               Would you excuse us for a minute?WEDDING PLANNERTake your time.

               Rosalie gets up and leads Jerry into--INT. APARTMENT KITCHEN -- DAYOnce they are out of earshot--ROSALIEI talked to David.  And...I uninvited him.JERRYWhat?ROSALIEI told him it wasn't right.  I told him he shouldn't be at our 
               wedding.JERRYWhen did you decide this?ROSALIEI don't know...I just realized I don't want our wedding to be 
               about where I've been.  I want it to be about where you and I 
               are going.JERRYWhat did he say?ROSALIEJerry...JERRYI want to know.ROSALIEHe was disappointed--JERRYOf course he was.  He's still in love with you.ROSALIEBut he understands.  I drew the line, honey.JERRYThank-you.ROSALIEI did it for us.

               Rosalie gives him a kiss.CUT TOINT. DAVID'S APARTMENT - NIGHTAmidst a clutter of unpaid bills, take-out cartons, and laundry, 
               David practices the violin.  He plays a Bach Partita -- not for 
               the easily intimidated.The phone rings.  He lets it ring a while before picking up.DAVID(into phone)

               What do you want, Rose?ROSALIEWere you sleeping?DAVIDYes.  I was.ROSALIELiar.  You're practicing.  I can hear you.

               He moves to the window.DAVID'S POVRosalie -- on her cell -- waves to him from the sidewalk, three 
               stories below.ROSALIEIt's so sad.  Why do you always play sad songs?DAVIDI don't write 'em, Rose.

               (beat)

               Is our conversation over now?ROSALIEPlease let me in.DAVIDNo.

               She laughs mischievously.ROSALIEYou don't trust me?DAVIDNo.

               (beat)

               Stay there.  I'll be right...Wait a minute.  This is insane. 
                I'm not coming down.  Go home, Rose.  I mean it.ROSALIEI'm going to wait here for one minute.  Sixty seconds.DAVIDYou do that.ROSALIEThen, I'm gone.  You won't see me again.

               She hangs up.  He hangs up.DAVID'S POVRosalie sits on the front steps.  Stubborn.DAVID(to himself)

               Be my guest.  Sit there all night.

               David turns from the window.  He accidentally knocks his metronome 
               to the floor, setting it off.  Click...click...click...David shuts it off, goes to the door.

               His hand on the knob--DAVIDIf I go down those stairs...it will only lead to one place...right 
               back here...the two of us...a short, brilliant moment...one more 
               to add to the gallery...then, empty-handed again, with nothing 
               to show for it but an emotional hangover...I'm not going to open 
               this door... Discipline... Like the man said, don't fuck the 
               guests...CUT TOEXT. DAVID'S APARTMENT - NIGHTRosalie is on the front steps.  She smiles as she hears the door 
               open -- it's David.He joins her.DAVIDI've got nothing to say to you.ROSALIEFine.  I'll talk...

               A beat.ROSALIEThe reason I won't just leave you alone is not because I'm "confused." 
                My feelings are perfectly clear.  I know you find it incomprehensible 
               that I can love Jerry and love you.  And that one love has nothing 
               to do with the other.  But it's true.DAVIDRose...ROSALIEWhat?DAVIDThis is bullshit.  I can't spell it out any more plainly.  It's 
               impossible!ROSALIEWhy?DAVIDBecause I can't be this close to you...and not want to touch 
               you.ROSALIEThat's it?DAVIDThat's...it.

               And he does touch her.  He puts his hand on her leg.DAVIDAnd if I can't do that, I don't want to be your friend.  Not 
               now.  Not ever.ROSALIEDon't be so mean.

               David flashes an angry look.  Then, he pulls Rosalie close to 
               him.DAVIDThe bottom line is...If I'm with you, I have to touch you, to 
               kiss you.  That doesn't work for friends, does it?She doesn't answer -- she lets him stroke her leg.DAVIDWhen I'm not with you -- this is more than you need to know...If 
               I touch myself, I can only think about one person. You.  No one 
               else.  Just you.(beat)

               Friends...that's bullshit.ROSALIEWhat do we do?DAVIDWhat do you mean "we"?  This is your problem.

               (beat)

               My only problem is how to get you out of my mind.  How to erase 
               you...Delete every bit of you...(presses an imaginary key)

               Into the ether...ROSALIEStop...

               She kisses him.  He engulfs her in his arms.DAVIDYou have to say good-bye.ROSALIEI don't know how...CUT TOINT. DAVID'S BEDROOM - NIGHTDavid and Rosalie have sex on the single bed in his spartan room. 
                She's on top of him -- they face each other.The lovemaking is both fierce and tender -- longing and leaving, 
               rolled into one.As Rosalie grows more aroused, she begins to cry.  Tears quietly 
               stream down her cheeks.David reacts--DAVIDShould we stop?

               Rosalie is too choked up to answer -- she shakes her head "no." 
                And they continue -- tears and sex.CUT TOINT. DAVID'S BEDROOM - LATER - NIGHTDavid sits in bed alone, while Rosalie showers in the adjoining 
               bathroom.ROSALIEDavid, will you hand me my shampoo?  It's in my purse.

               David opens Rosalie's purse and finds a travel-size bottle of 
               shampoo.He just shakes his head.CUT TOINT. ROSALIE'S CAR - MOVING - NIGHTRosalie drives home.  Checks herself in the mirror -- her hair 
               is still damp.  She rolls down the window to "blow dry" it.She turns on the radio, finds a rock-and-roll station.  Noisy, 
               mindless, perfect.In her mind--ROSALIEHail Mary, full of Grace, blessed be the  fruit of thy womb Jesus...Holy 
               Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now and at the hour 
               of our death, Amen...Hail Mary, full of Grace, blessed be the 
               fruit of...CUT TOINT. ROSALIE'S APARTMENT - NIGHTAfter midnight.  Rosalie slips inside the door.  No sign of Jerry. 
                She removes her shoes and tiptoes into--INT. ROSALIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHTThe television is on -- the sound is muted.  An infomercial is 
               playing.  Jerry is sleeping.ON ROSALIEShe nudges him.  He doesn't stir.  Rosalie sits at the foot of 
               the bed.  She grabs the remote and "un-mutes" the sound.INT. ROSALIE'S BEDROOM - ON TV - NIGHTA physical fitness EXPERT is talking.EXPERT...And the change is not just physical.  You'll be amazed how 
               quickly your whole outlook will--INT. ROSALIE'S BEDROOM - NIGHTShe flicks off the TV.

               Rosalie undresses and climbs into bed.  She starts to kiss Jerry. 
                Slowly, he wakes.JERRYHey...ROSALIEHey...JERRYWhat time is it?ROSALIELate.

               He looks at the time.JERRYIt is late.  What happened?ROSALIEOh.  The girls.  Wedding talk.  We could've gone on all night.She rubs his chest.ROSALIEJerry...JERRYWhat?ROSALIEWe need to make love now.JERRYOkay...why now?ROSALIEI can't explain it.  We just need to make love now.

               He nods.  He kisses her neck, her breasts.

               Suddenly she stops him, taking his face in her hands.JERRYWhat's the matter?ROSALIEI just need to fix this moment in my mind.

               A long beat.  She studies his face.ROSALIEI love you.  Totally.  Completely.  I don't want to spend another 
               minute of my life without you.(off his reaction)

               You don't have to say anything.

               She climbs on top of him.JERRYYou're forgetting something.ROSALIENo, I'm not.

               He laughs uncomfortably.JERRYDon't you think...ROSALIENo, I don't.  Let's not use it tonight.

               (beat)

               I'm ready.

               A beat.JERRYIf you're ready, so am I.

               She straddles him, rocking back and forth.  With grim determination.ROSALIEJerry?JERRYWhat?ROSALIETalk to me...FADE OUT:FADE IN:OMITTEDINT. PHOTOGRAPHY STUDIO - DAYJerry and Rosalie -- dressed informally -- pose for a publicity 
               photo.The photographer is Todd.

               Each click of his camera brings a blinding FLASH.

               todd

               Very good...you both look great...perfect shot for the paper.rOSALIE

               (to Jerry, sotto voce)

               I didn't mean to put pressure on you.

               jeRRY

               Babe, you're making too much out of this.

               (beat)

               It's not like I didn't enjoy making love.FLASH!rOSALIE

               I know.

               (beat)

               But I also know you would've enjoyed it more if I hadn't...jeRRY

               Raised the stakes?

               roSALIE

               I wasn't going to put it that way.

               (beat)

               But it's true.

               jeRRY

               Maybe it is.  But, please don't read too much into it.FLASH...FLASH!rOSALIE

               I won't.  I promise.

               cUT TO:INT. CHURCH - NIGHTHigh ceiling.  Stained glass windows.  Dark mahogany pews.

               At the altar, Jerry and Rosalie confer with their PRIEST -- late 
               60s, doctrinaire.  They're rehearsing.PRIESTA lot of young couples prefer "husband and wife" to the traditional 
               "man and wife."  Personally, I don't feel the phrase "man and 
               wife" gives the woman a diminutive status.  But I leave the choice 
               in your hands.  Do you have a--ROSALIEHusband and wife.  Definitely.

               Jerry simply nods.PRIESTGood.

               (to Jerry)

               After the blessing, I'll instruct you to kiss the bride.  Keep 
               it simple.  No slobbering.ROSALIEThat could be tough.  For him.

               The Priest feigns amusement.PRIESTRemember, this is God's house.  And there will be prominent people 
               here as well.  Not to mention the press.  So, let's keep things 
               on the up-and-up.JerRY

               Right.CUT TO:INT. TOBACCO SHOP - DAYJerry accompanies his FATHER -- late 50s, on a cigar-buying expedition. 
                Tobacco enthusiasts relax in leather chairs.  Wafts of smoke 
               hang in the air -- expensive smoke.Jerry's Father finds a brand he likes.FATHERHere we are.  Bahia Gold.  Two hundred a box.JERRYYou don't have to do this, Dad.FATHERIf I can't come to the bachelor party, I want to be there in 
               spirit.(beat)

               The boys will like these.  Classic.JERRYThank-you.FATHERI remember my bachelor night.  Frankly, I wish I didn't.  Not 
               a night I'm particularly proud of...I'll leave it at that.JERRYWhy are you sharing this?FATHERReminiscing.  That's all.JERRYOr warning me.FATHERNonsense.  I know you.  You won't make an ass out of yourself.(beat)

               Oh...A little something from your mother and me.

               He reaches into his pocket, hands Jerry a key.JERRYWhat's this?FATHERIt's a key.

               (smiles)

               There's a new housing development, just west of here.  I've been 
               giving the developer a lot of breaks, and...now he's giving me 
               one in return.  I'm almost embarrassed to say how little this 
               cost me.JERRYI can't accept this.FATHERYes, you can.

               (beat)

               C'mon.  Make your old man happy.

               Jerry says nothing.FATHERUh-huh.  I get it.  This is Rosalie's domain.  She should have 
               a say in where you two settle down.  But don't worry, you won't 
               be forcing her hand.  Know why?  Because she's going to love 
               it.Jerry just nods.FATHERLet's ring these babies up.CUT TOINT. TOWNHOUSE - NIGHTBachelor party in progress.  In the living room, a dozen guys 
               smoke Cuban-rolled cigars, drink shots of Tequila, and watch 
               a Stripper perform.The least boisterous of the group is Jerry, who watches the action 
               with a drunken glow.The party's host, Jerry's BEST FRIEND, enters and summons Jerry 
               into--INT. TOWNHOUSE FOYER -- NIGHTThe Best Friend aims Jerry toward the stairs.BEST FRIENDAlright, my man.  You ready?JERRYDo I have a choice?BEST FRIENDNo.JERRYThen, I'm ready.BEST FRIENDThe guys pitched in for this...

               He pats Jerry on the back.BEST FRIENDSo go up there and get our money's worth.

               Jerry starts up--CUT TOINT. TOWNHOUSE HALLWAY - NIGHTJerry approaches the bedroom door with a fateful air.  He touches 
               the door knob.In his mind--JERRYWhy am I stopping?...There's a hot girl waiting on the other 
               side of the door...Why worry?  Everyone cuts you slack for this 
               kind of thing...This is supposed to happen...It's a tradition, 
               a time-honored ritual...Losing your tooth, losing your virginity, 
               losing the championship...If I walk through this door, what am 
               I losing?  Nothing...My father was here, and his father was here, 
               and his father's father was here, hand on the door...What am 
               I waiting for...He pushes it open.CUT TOINT. TOWNHOUSE BEDROOM - NIGHTJerry enters.  The room is dark, except for a shaft of moonlight 
               that silhouettes a girl on the bed.Her foot dangles off the side, the toenails painted blood red. 
                Jerry turns on a lamp to meet --LORNASitting on the bed in a tank-top and a short skirt.  As fetching 
               as ever.LORNAYou must be the groom.

               Jerry laughs.LORNAThe guys were right.  You're a looker.JERRYDid they also tell you I don't usually do this kind of thing.She pulls off the tank-top, revealing a black brassiere.LORNAAll the better.  I like challenges.

               She crosses to face him.LORNAGetting married tomorrow, huh?JERRYYes, I am.LORNALove, honor, and obey.  That's the drill, isn't it?JERRYYes.  Tomorrow, I take the vows.

               Without much ceremony, she starts massaging his crotch.LORNATomorrow...So, technically, this doesn't count.JERRYHow's that?LORNAYou can't break a vow you haven't taken, can you?JERRYYou sound like my lawyer.

               Lorna kneels down before him.  She unzips his pants.LORNAI've done my share of lawyers.  They spend most of the hour negotiating 
               the tip.(beat)

               That's a joke.JERRYI got it.

               She pulls down his pants, looks up at him.LORNASomething bothering you?JERRYI don't know if I should be doing this.

               She starts to stroke him.LORNAWant my philosophy?  If we don't make mistakes now and then, 
               how are we ever going to learn from them?JERRYNow you sound like my priest.LORNAI've done a few of them, too.JERRYPriests?LORNALousy tippers.  They spend most of the hour feeling bad about 
               what they're doing.  But they do it anyway.  Then, they shortchange 
               you on the tip.  One of them absolved me once, before he left. 
                That's something, I guess.JERRYWho are the best tippers?LORNAThe guys who can least afford it.  Guys with families.JERRYAnd the worst?LORNAHands-down.  Politicians.

               Jerry reacts.JERRYPoliticians?LORNASure.  Both parties.  I don't discriminate.  Besides, a penis 
               doesn't know from politics.  A penis is the most politically 
               incorrect part of the body.  It has a simple agenda.(rehis erection)

               He knows what he wants.

               And she proceeds to give him a blow-job.  Jerry guides her with 
               his hands.  He tries to relax.  He tries...But he can't.  He yanks her away from him.JERRYStop it.  I can't do it.LORNADon't worry about it.JERRYI can't...I'm sorry.

               Lorna instinctively puts a little distance between herself and 
               Jerry.LORNAHey, it's no sweat.  I get paid either way.JERRYNo, you don't understand.  I can't fucking go through with it!(off Lorna's non-reaction)

               I can't get married!

               All at once, his face fills with rage.  Jerry swings his fist 
               into the wall, punching a hole in it.JERRYJesus!

               Adrenaline pumping, he doesn't even notice the blood on his hand.ON LORNAShe shakes her head --  she's completely nonplussed.LORNAThat was smart.   Now, you're bleeding.  Here...

               She takes him by the arm into--INT. TOWNHOUSE BATHROOM -- NIGHTShe runs cold water over his hand -- it's really banged up.  
               Then, she wraps a towel around it.LORNABetter?JERRYYeah...LORNADo you love her?JERRYI don't know.LORNAC'mon.  Let's sit down.

               They return to--INT. TOWNHOUSE BEDROOM -- NIGHTLorna and Jerry sit on the floor, their backs resting against 
               the bed.Now the mood is intimate.JERRYShe wants to have a baby.  That's the way it's supposed to be, 
               right?LORNAI wouldn't know.JERRYMy parents approve of her.  Her parents approve of me.  Everybody 
               approves...LORNAWhat's wrong with a little approval?

               Jerry gives her a hard look.JERRYThat's my whole life.  My whole goddam carrot-and-stick-life. 
                Ever since I can remember, I've been chasing after this person 
               or that person's approval.  Playing one role, then another.  
               Then another!  The good student.  The good son.  The industrious 
               boy.  Good grades.  High ambitions.  Pats on the back.  Handshakes 
               from people who matter!  The good boyfriend, getting on his knees 
               and proposing to the good girlfriend.  The dutiful bachelor, 
               receiving the traditional blow-job from a...Jerry stops himself.LORNA(lets him off the hook)

               Professional.JERRYI've lost count of all the roles, there's so many of them.

               (beat)

               I have no idea who I'm playing now.LORNAHuh.

               A beat.LORNAI don't see what the big deal is.  I play roles all the time.JERRYAnd you want to do that your entire life?  You can't...you...(beat)

               I don't even know your name.LORNALorna.  And I'll do whatever the hell I want.JERRYWell, I can't live somebody else's version of my life anymore. 
                Do you understand?LORNASure.  I do.

               She gets up and crosses to the window.  Lifts it up.LORNAHere's your chance.JERRYWhat?LORNAIt's not too far a drop to the lawn.  You have gas in your car? 
                Then, go.  It's the first day of the rest of your life...Go. 
                I promise you, this opportunity will not come around twice.(beat)

               Go.

               Jerry stands.  He looks out the window--HIS POVThe suburbs at night.  Cozy, warm-lit.JERRYI'm going to do it.

               He smiles at Lorna.  Then, he climbs out the window.LORNA'S POVShe watches him hit the ground, hobble across the lawn, and get 
               into his car.  And he's gone.INT. TOWNHOUSE BEDROOM -- NIGHTLORNASee?  Easy.

               She sits on the bed, takes in the room.  It seems ordinary and 
               strange, all at once.Lorna spots the bloody towel -- Jerry left it on the floor.  
               She folds it neatly, concealing the blood.CUT TOOMITTEDINT. COFFEE SHOP - NIGHTLater.  The wee hours.  The only person at the counter is Lorna. 
                She pours cream in her coffee, watches it swirl.  Clouds.Something else catches her eye.LORNA'S POVBehind the counter lies a crumpled newspaper.LORNA(to Waitress)

               Mind if I have that?WAITRESSIt's yesterday's.  Morning paper should be here any minute.LORNAI just want the crossword puzzle.

               The Waitress puts the paper in front of her.  It falls open to 
               the Metro section, where Lorna sees a photo of Jerry and Rosalie 
               -- the one Todd shot.The accompanying headline"Deputy Mayor's Son to Wed Tomorrow."LORNAOh my...

               The Waitress cranes her neck to see.WAITRESSThere's a catch, alright.CUT TOINT. LORNA'S APARTMENT - DAYMorning.  Terri -- still under the covers -- studies the torn 
               clipping from the paper.  Lorna brushes her teeth.TERRIHello...It's the oldest condition known to man.  Cold feet.LORNAYou're wrong.  I'm telling you he's two states away by now.(beat)

               He made a clean break.  I know it.

               Terri shakes her head.TERRIIf you're wrong, you're paying for drinks tonight.CUT TOEXT. STREET - DAYLorna and Terri walk briskly down the sidewalk.  They round a 
               corner to see--EXT. CATHEDRAL -- DAYA magnificent Catholic church. A white limousine -- decorated 
               with streamers -- sits in front, surrounded by expensive cars.TERRIWell, what do you know...

               Lorna can't believe it -- she almost feels betrayed.TERRITold you we should've dressed up.LORNAC'mon...we're going inside.TERRIWhat for?  Wait...

               But Lorna is bounding toward the cathedral.CUT TOINT. CATHEDRAL VESTIBULE - DAYLorna and Terri enter.  The vestibule looks empty.  Suddenly, 
               they are startled by a FLASH.They turn to find a photographer checking a bulb -- it's Todd.TERRILorna, we shouldn't be here.

               Hearing her name Todd looks up.  Then, he gathers his gear and 
               starts inside.But Lorna intercepts him.LORNAExcuse me, could you tell me who's getting married in...

               (beat)

               Hey, I know you.  The wedding guy.TODDI'm sorry. Have we met?LORNAYeah.  You don't remember me?TODDYou must be thinking of somebody else.

               Lorna reacts.  Stops herself.LORNARight.  I must be thinking of someone else.  Sorry.TODDExcuse me...

               And he disappears into the church.TERRIWhat was that all about?LORNANothing.TERRINothing, my ass.LORNAAlright, alright.  I slipped.TERRISlipped?  You broke the cardinal rule of the trade.

               (pedantic)

               Never acknowledge a client in public.LORNAWhat is this?  Hooking For Dummies?  C'mon...

               Lorna grabs Terri by the wrist and slips into--INT. CATHEDERAL -- DAYThey take a seat in the last pew.LORNA'S POVThe front pews are packed, all eyes focussed on the wedding party 
               at the altar.  Jerry and Rosalie face the priest, who blesses 
               the ring.PRIESTThe wedding ring is a powerful symbol.  It is a circle, with 
               no beginning and no end.  It is also the circle that encloses 
               your love for each other--TERRII'll bet that dress is Vera Wang.LORNAShhh...

               Jerry and Rosalie turn to face each other.PRIESTDo you, Rosalie, take this man, to have and to hold, in sickness 
               and in health, till death do you part?ROSALIEI do.PRIESTAnd do you, Jerry, take this woman, to have and to hold, in sickness 
               and in health, till death do you part?A beat.

               Lorna studies Jerry's face for any sign, any hint of his real 
               feelings.JERRYI do.PRIESTThen, by the power invested in me by Christ, Our Lord, I now 
               pronounce you husband and wife.(to Jerry)

               You may kiss the bride.

               They kiss.  Lorna leans forward.  She's moved, despite herself.Terri looks over.TERRIYou're crying, I can't believe it.LORNANo, I'm not.

               (beat)

               Weddings make me cry.

               The congregation applauds.  Jerry shakes hands with the best 
               man -- his Father.  He gives his son an approving pat on the 
               back.Suddenly, a SECURITY GUARD appears in Lorna's face.SECURITY GUARDLadies, this event is strictly for invited guests.TERRIWe're with the groom's party.SECURITY GUARDMa'am...Let's not do this.  You're not with the groom.

               Terri points to Lorna.TERRIShe had his cock in her mouth last night.  Doesn't that count?Lorna bursts out laughing.  Laughing through her tears.  The 
               Guard is not amused.CUT TOEXT. CATHEDERAL - DAYLorna and Terri race down the church steps, giggling like school 
               girls.EXT. STREET - DAYThey turn a corner, lean against a wall.  Catching her breath, 
               Terri lights a cigarette.LORNAI don't know why he came back.

               (beat)

               It wasn't love.TERRIGuess you'll never know for sure.

               They start down the sidewalk--TERRIRemember the guy I told you about -- the writer?LORNAYeah.  He said he wanted to immortalize you.  What a line.TERRIHe's been steady work.  Every Tuesday for the past month.  Well, 
               get this.  Yesterday, he called and asked me out.LORNAOn a date?TERRIYeah.  A date.LORNAA non-paying date.TERRINo money will be exchanged.  You want to hear the weird part? 
                I said yes.LORNAYou're right.  That is weird.TERRIYou gotta keep an open mind, Lorna.

               (beat)

               You never know with people.

               They wait at the crosswalk.  Lorna idly glances at the window 
               of a brownstone apartment.WHAT LORNA SEESA Man finishing a cigarette.  He catches Lorna looking his way. 
                A Woman comes up behind the Man and casually embraces him.  
               The Man gives Lorna a last look before pulling the curtains closed.The light has changed.  Terri starts walking.TERRIC'mon, what are you waiting for?ON LORNAShe lingers at the curb for a moment, pondering her next move.FADE OUT:THE END