FRACTUREWritten by

                                      Dan PyneCurrent Revisions by

                                     Glenn GersJanuary 6, 2005CREDITS SEQUENCE: EXTREME CLOSE-UPSAn unfinished mechanical device: a scaffold of thin metal
               pipes, levers, pulleys, wiring, serve-motors.
               THOMAS CRAWFORD works on it: in his 40s, well-dressed but in
               disarray, graying stubble, hair and clothes unkempt.
               Magnifying glasses distort his eyes, making them huge and
               strange.
               He sets aside a tool, takes a marble-sized ball-bearing and
               drops it into a slot at the top of the device.
               His enlarged eyes follow the metal ball -
               - as it rolls and flips and spirals through a Rube-Goldberg-
               style maze, setting off bells, clicking past turnstiles -
               - then missing a leap and clattering across the work-table.
               Eyes on the device, Crawford's hand traps the ball.
               He stays still, analyzing.
               He selects a tiny screwdriver from a neat array of metal-
               working and electronics tools. Makes a miniscule adjustment
               to a single joint. Drops in another ball.
               It rolls and flips and spirals all the way down.
               Crawford doesn't react.   Just studies the machine.
               Behind him, on a desk: a framed photograph of a beautiful
               woman in her mid-30s.
               His wife.INT. LUXURY BEACH-HOTEL ROOM - THE SAME TIMEJENNIFER CRAWFORD is just reaching orgasm -
               - with ROB NUNALLY: mid-30s, good-looking, aging-boyish.
               They clutch each other, shuddering, lost in passion. And
               then, breathing heavily, caressing each other - Nunally rolls
               off her - slowly coming back to earth.
               Jennifer studies her lover, a quiet play of relief and
               gratitude and satisfaction on her face -
               - darkened by a troubled distance, maybe even fear.
               She is, after all, having an affair.2INT. CRAWFORD'S OFFICE - DAYCrawford stares through the grotesque lenses, motionless,
               expressionless.

               He takes a deep breath and checks his watch.   Then he stands,
               removing the glasses.

               We now see his office: large, austere. Decor and equipment
               related to aircraft engineering. Outside big windows, jets
               take off from an industrial airstrip.

               Crawford gets a brand-new bottle of Jack Daniels from a desk
               drawer, uncaps it and swigs as he opens the door to a private
               bathroom.

               He gargles, spits into the sink. He pours out more, then
               puts the half-empty bottle back on his desk.

               He collects a home-made device from the workbench: it looks
               like a PDA connected by wires to a blank credit card.

               He puts it in the pocket of his suit jacket, which he sets on
               the desk. Adjusts the placement of the open bottle, nearby.
               Crawford goes to a light-box, studying a set of large X-rays:
               dark strips of welding in a grayish fuzz of metal.

               TINA, his assistant, appears in the doorway.TINAThe N.T.S.B. guys are here.CRAWFORD(Doesn't look up)
                           Yep.

               She hesitates a second, glancing at the bottle.
               Crawford ignores her, pulling an x-ray off the light-box and
               grabbing his jacket -
               - which knocks over the bottle.   It skitters across the desk,
               liquor spilling.
               Crawford just walks out past Tina.INT. AIRPLANE HANGER - SOON AFTERThe twisted, torn and burned wreckage of a large private jet
               is being reassembled on the big empty concrete floor.3N.T.S.B. INVESTIGATORS in shirtsleeves and AIRCRAFT COMPANY
               EXECUTIVES in suits cluster around work-boards covered with
               photographs and diagrams of a crash site.
               They look up, falling silent, as Crawford comes in carrying
               the X-ray. A few exchange surprised, concerned glances; this
               is not a man who skips a shave.
               But when he gets to them, Crawford is laser-like - holding
               the X-ray and pointing to a spot three inches above it:CRAWFORDIt's here.

               He hands a startled Investigator the film and strides off
               toward the giant open doors out to the airfield.
               His foot knocks a piece of the carefully-laid-out wreckage in
               passing; it clatters across the concrete, but Crawford
               doesn't slow or look back.INT. LUXURY BEACH-HOTEL ROOM - SOON AFTERRob is still in the bed, naked under the sheet - watching
               Jennifer adjust the straps of her bathing suit.ROBWhat about dinner tonight?

               She looks at him, surprised.    Smiles, comes to sit beside
               him. Gently:JENNIFERWe go out to dinner - we might never
                            come back.

               Beat.   Rob nods.ROBOkay.
                                   (Beat)
                            I want to wake up with you.    I want
                            to...

               He gropes for words, but it's too big and he relents - scales
               back, sighing:ROB...at least see where you live.

               She regards him tenderly, feeling the same reckless yearning.
               But also fear. She rubs his hair.4JENNIFERI live...here.

               She leans over to kiss him delicately on the lips.EXT. SANTA MONICA STREET - DAYA black Porsche speeds down a quiet street near the beach,
               pulls into a parking space.
               Crawford gets out, goes to a pay phone. He puts his cell
               phone on top of it, drops in some change and dials.OPERATOR (ON PHONE)L.A.P.D.CRAWFORDLieutenant Nunally, please.

               He listens to hold music and checks the time.OPERATOR (ON PHONE)He doesn't come on til six. You want
                           his voice mail?CRAWFORDNo.  Thank you.
                                  (beat)
                           I'll see him later.

               He hangs up, grabs his cell, and takes off down the sidewalk.INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAYCrawford enters. He knows where he's going - past the front
               desk and outside to the -EXT. HOTEL POOL - DAYJennifer swims laps with strong, even strokes.   Rob is
               enjoying the sun in a lounge chair.
               Crawford eyes them as he passes on the other side of a low
               fence. Unnoticed, he heads upstairs.5INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAYCrawford stops at a room with a DO NOT DISTURB sign on the
               knob. He takes out his PDA-device and slides its card into
               the key-card slot of the lock.
               The lock clicks to green.INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAYCrawford enters, quietly closing the door behind him.
               He just stands there, taking it all in. The unmade bed, the
               ripped-open condom packet, the clothes on the floor.
               He is silent.   Very still.EXT. CRAWFORD'S STREET - LATERJennifer drives her Mercedes convertible past expensive
               houses in the late-afternoon light.
               She goes up the driveway of the Crawfords' stark mordern home.
               Across the street, MR. GIFFORD is playing catch with his
               GRANDSON. He waves to Jennifer.
               She waves back, friendly but distracted, on her way to the
               front door.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUSCold. Elegant. Metal planters with bamboo trees. Glass
               doors out to a back garden. A fire in the fireplace.
               In a corner is another of Crawford's Rube Goldbergs - this
               one the size of a refrigerator. On a coffee table in the
               center of the room, a big wooden bowl of ball-bearings.
               Jennifer hurries in, dropping her keys on a table and -
               - freezes, startled.
               Crawford waits in the center of the room; despite the outer
               "disarray", he is calm and focused.JENNIFERYou're - home early.6CRAWFORDI just felt a sudden urge.JENNIFERAre you...okay?
               Crawford shrugs, smiling strangely.   He looks pained.CRAWFORDI could use a hug.
               Jennifer submits guiltily.   Crawford embraces her, tight.
               She waits it out, until:JENNIFERHave you been drinking?
               He lets go and she steps back.   Studying him.   Scared.CRAWFORDI've been watching you sleep.   At
                           night.JENNIFER(Gently)
                           That's creepy.CRAWFORDSometimes when I'm at work, I'll start
                           thinking about you and I'll just get -
                           just - overwhelmed.JENNIFERTommy -CRAWFORDIt's a dense, crushing -
                           geophysical force. Like I'm
                           pinned. At the core - where things
                           change.
                                   (beat)
                           You ever get that way about me,
                           Jen?JENNIFERWhat are you talking about?CRAWFORDI'm trying to describe my feelings.JENNIFERThose don't sound like feelings.7CRAWFORDNo?
                                   (Beat)
                           What's the sound of one feeling...in a
                           forest?JENNIFERYou think you're so much smarter
                           than I am. That must make you feel
                           very powerful.CRAWFORDHelpless, actually.
               Silence.JENNIFEROkay.     Maybe it's time to really talk.CRAWFORDNo.JENNIFERNo?
               He shakes his head.     Frayed and worn, she sighs.JENNIFERFine. Whatever. I'll make you some
                           dinner.
               He watches her turn and head for the kitchen.          To her back:CRAWFORDI know.     Everything.
               She stops, exhales.    Looking down.   Afraid.    Grateful it's
               happening at last.JENNIFERI'm so sorry.CRAWFORDDon't be. Knowledge is pain.         I'm
                           used to that.
               Jennifer winces, feeling some sympathy.     Preparing herself to
               turn and end it, to grow, to move on.CRAWFORDIt's not like I don't let little
                           pleasures, in return for the pain.8She frowns and turns - and her eyes go big with fear.
               Crawford is holding a semi-automatic pistol, aimed at her
               face. Very still.
               The gunshot explodes out of the muzzle - bright, harsh, loud.EXT. GIFFORD HOUSE - FRONT YARD - CONTINUOUSGifford and his Grandson turn to look at the Crawford house.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUSCrawford stands, tilting his head to watch the slow hypnotic
               curl of smoke leaking from the gun in his extended hand. The
               hand, we might notice now, wears a surgical glove.
               He lowers the gun, bends to pick up the ejected shell-casing
               from the floor. He wipes it and tosses it aside, on his way
               to Jennifer.
               He stands looking down at her: face-up on the floor, head in
               a small pool of blood, eyes and mouth open.
               The doorbell rings.EXT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - CONTINUOUSGifford leans on the frosted-glass panel next to the door -
               hands cupped around his eyes, trying to see in.GIFFORDTom?   Jen?   Everything okay in there?INT. CRAWFORD FOYER - CONTINUOUSCrawford steps in from the living room.CRAWFORDEverybody just LEAVE US ALONE!
               He calmly aims up at the frosted-glass transom and fires
               three times - watching Gifford fling himself away.
               Crawford collects the shell casings, wipes them, drops them
               back on the floor.
               Peeling off the rubber gloves, he crosses to the fireplace
               and throws them into the flames. They curl and blacken.9Crawford watches, expressionless - then looks around,
               satisfied. Waiting.EXT. CRAWFORD'S STREET - DUSKHelicopters overhead, SWAT teams setting up. Nearby houses
               have been emptied, gawking NEIGHBORS and media vans moved
               back to a block away.
               UNIFORM COPS pull aside the barriers as a plain-wrap sedan
               rolls through. It pulls up by the SWAT Command Truck.
               ROB NUNALLY gets out, surveying the scene. The guy who spent
               his afternoon with Jennifer Crawford in the hotel is an
               L.A.P.D. Detective.SWAT COMMANDERYou the Negotiator?NUNALLYYeah.    What do we know?INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - SOON AFTERCrawford waits, with the gun.    The phone rings.   He picks up:CRAWFORDYes?INTERCUT WITH:EXT. CRAWFORD'S STREET - CONTINUOUSNunally is standing by the open trunk of his sedan, wearing a
               Kevlar vest now - putting on his shoulder-holster over it.
               Into his cell-phone:NUNALLYMr. Crawford?CRAWFORDWho is this?NUNALLYMy name is Lieutenant Robert Nunally.
                           I'm a hostage negotiator for the Los -
               Crawford hangs up.   Thoughtful.10NUNALLYMr. Crawford?
               Nunally grimaces, shuts his phone, shaking his head. But
               then he turns - with the SWAT Commander and everyone else -
               - as Crawford's front door unlocks and opens a few inches.
               Nunally considers this, looks at the SWAT COMMANDER.NUNALLYOkay then.   Here we go.
               He pulls his suit jacket back on, then reaches into the trunk
               for his back-up gun. He tucks it into the back of his belt,
               concealed under the jacket.
               He takes a walkie-talkie and starts for the house.
               The spectators fall silent.    Radios crackle and hiss as he
               heads up the driveway.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - CONTINUOUSCrawford watches Nunally's silhouette appear on the frosted
               glass, from across the living room.NUNALLY (O.S.)Mr. Crawford?
               The door pushes open very slowly.     Nunally stays in the
               doorway.NUNALLYHey.
               Crawford studies him, staying back.CRAWFORDGet rid of the vampires.
               Nunally is confused; Crawford gestures at the flood-lit lawn
               outside. Nunally glances back, sees the SWAT teams and -
               down the street - the distant barricades, the media.
               He nods, steps in and lets the door shut.     Careful silence.CRAWFORDDo I call you Rob?NUNALLYIf you want.11CRAWFORDNot vampires.NUNALLYWhat?CRAWFORDNot vampires.     Ghouls.   Sorry.
               Nunally nods, humoring him, glancing around. Sees the small
               pool of blood where Jennifer fell. Plays it cool.NUNALLYMr. Crawford, what do you say you give
                           me the gun - so I can pay more
                           attention to what you're saying?
               Crawford sighs.CRAWFORDIs that your best shot?
                                  (Beat)
                           So to speak.NUNALLYI just think - maybe it would -CRAWFORDTell you what: I will if you will.
               Nunally frowns, wary.
               Crawford moves to the coffee table in the center of the room,
               holds his gun out over it.CRAWFORDWe both put down our guns.      At the
                           same time.
               Crawford gestures to a chair across the room - by the foyer
               door, near Nunally.CRAWFORDWe set them down and step away.
                                  (Beat)
                           Then you can "pay more attention" to
                           what I'm saying.
               Nunally studies Crawford...and the gun, hovering above the
               coffee table. Looking for a trick, a catch. But there isn't
               one. If Crawford sets down his gun and steps away, he'll be
               standing in the open center of the room.12CRAWFORDHappy ending, then.
               Nunally stares Crawford in the eyes -
               - then slowly takes his gun from his shoulder holster.
               Eyes on each other from across the room - moving very slowly -
               the two men cautiously set down their guns -
               - and step away.   Crawford smiles.
               Nunally smiles, too, reassuring and false. Begins to edge
               forward - alert to the possibility of a lunge for the gun or
               having another weapon. But Crawford stays absolutely still.NUNALLYMr. Crawford, your neighbor mentioned
                           that your wife -CRAWFORDIt's Tom.NUNALLYI'm sorry?CRAWFORDYou can call me Tom.NUNALLYTom.   Your wife. Is she here?CRAWFORDYes.
               Crawford gestures to a library alcove, behind him, out of
               view.NUNALLYIs she all right?
               Nunally begins to drift slowly to the side, to see.CRAWFORDI don't think she is.     I shot her,
                           Rob.
               Nunally's nodding, edging to look into the alcove -NUNALLYYou shot your wife.13CRAWFORDIt was like I just suddenly - snapped.
                           We were arguing - and I got the gun.NUNALLY- okay - I hear you -CRAWFORDAnd I shot her in the head.   I know it
                           was wrong.
                                  (Beat)
                           Are you listening to me?
               But Nunally is not. He's frozen - staring, shocked, at the
               back wall of the alcove - which he can now see.
               There's a big framed black-white photograph: a portrait of
               Jennifer Crawford.NUNALLYOh Jesus Christ.
               Nunally fumbles for his walkie-talkie, rushing past Crawford
               toward the alcove -
               - kneeling by Jennifer, who lies, face-up in a red puddle -NUNALLY(into walkie-talkie)
                           We need a medic in here! Get the
                           ambulance up! RIGHT NOW! NOW! NOW!
               Nunally feels her neck frantically for a pulse - looking in
               her open, vacant eyes for some sign -NUNALLYOh no - God no - I can't - get a -
               Nunally desperately starts C.P.R., his hands getting bloody.
               He stops to check her neck for a pulse now and then -
               - as Crawford slowly approaches from the living room,
               standing behind Nunally. Cold.CRAWFORDYou know, I think I read somewhere
                           that a good place to find a pulse is
                           the femoral artery. It's on the inner
                           surface of the upper thigh. If you
                           put your fingers - you know, right up
                           inside her dress -14Nunally turns and lunges up, smashing a fist into Crawford's
               face. Crawford reels backward with Nunally -
               - the two of them falling with Nunally on top, beating
               Crawford furiously, cursing -
               - as SWAT COPS burst in, grabbing Nunally, dragging him back -
               knocking into PARAMEDICS trying to get to Jennifer -
               - Nunally kicking, flailing, spitting at Crawford - who's put
               face-down on the floor, to get cuffed.
               Nunally pulls free from the SWAT cops, distraught, angry -
               going to retrieve his gun and shove it in his shoulder-
               holster, struggling to regain control.PARAMEDICWait a second - she's not dead!
               Nunally whirls - everyone freezing, breathless, falling
               silent.
               The Paramedics kneeling around Jennifer work -
               - as Crawford lies on the floor, staring at his wife. Like
               she's a machine that defied astronomical odds and refused to
               behave according to his calculations.EXT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - SOON AFTERJennifer's stretcher is loaded into an ambulance, doors
               slamming shut and sirens kicking on -
               - as Crawford, cuffed behind his back, is pushed into the
               back seat of a police car. His eyes on the ambulance as it
               pulls away, carrying his wife.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - SOON AFTERA DETECTIVE uses a pencil to lift Crawford's gun from the
               coffee table and carefully put it in an evidence bag.
               Nunally stands back, watching the COPS and TECHNICIANS work
               the scene - lost in his thoughts, shaken.SWAT COMMANDERYou all right?
               Nunally "wakes" - nods.   Absently:15NUNALLYYeah.     I'm good.
               To avoid talking more, he heads out to the glaring lights and
               chaos outside.FADE OUTINT. WILLY'S APARTMENT - THE NEXT MORNINGThe alarm clock shifts to 6:00 am and pops on to local news
               and traffic -
               - but the narrow futon bed is already empty.
               WILLY SLOCUM works at a laptop on his second-hand desk, lit
               by a solitary lamp.
               He is in his late-20s, good-looking. Short hair, office-pale
               but athletic, wearing mis-matched sweats from Eastern
               Oklahoma State College.
               He jots a final note, sets his yellow legal pad aside. As he
               goes to the closet-sized bathroom, pulling off his sweatshirt
               and starting the tiny pre-fab shower, we linger on the laptop
               screen: rental listings for a new apartment.TIME CUTThe bare overhead bulb is on, revealing the concrete floor
               and painted-plywood walls. His clothes hang neatly on a
               length of pipe suspended by ropes from the exposed rafters.
               Law school texts fill cinderblock-and-board shelves.
               The radio chatters.    Willy knots a tie in his crisp white
               collar.TIME CUTWilly methodically packs legal folders from last night's
               "homework" into his big, battered briefcase. He has to work
               to stuff all the files in.
               He pulls on his suit jacket, settles the shoulders, tugs at
               his cuffs. Uncaps a pen, leans over a one-sentence letter
               waiting on the desk. Reads it over.
               As he signs, we glimpse:
                   - hereby give notice that I will be resigning my
                   position at the District Attorney's Office as of
                   Novemb-16Willy savors the moment.
               Then he tucks the letter into an envelope, gets the heavy
               briefcase - goes to shut off the light and open the door -
               - which swings about six inches, then clonks into something.
               Willy grimaces.   Peeks out, goes to pound on a wall.WILLYMrs. Demello?
                                  (Beat)
                           MRS. DEMELLO!    Your CAR!
               Silence. He sighs.    Shuts the door and presses a button near
               the light-switch.
               There's mechanical grinding noise as the far wall slowly
               rolls up, letting in daylight and revealing an alley beyond
               the hanging clothes and cinderblock shelves.
               He presses the garage-door-opener button again, and hurries
               across the apartment to duck out under the closing door.EXT. ALLEY - CONTINUOUSWilly straightens and takes a breath, re-settling his suit
               jacket with an irritable glance at his landlady's car, parked
               sloppily next to the garage, blocking his door.
               As he walks away, down the alley, we rise up to reveal the
               hazy sprawling landscape of L.A. - and the towers of
               Downtown, rising ahead of Willy like Oz.WILLY (V.O.)Come on, Phil: I called you as a
                           courtesy, and you start looking to
                           take advantage?INT. WILLY'S OFFICE - LATER THAT MORNINGAn ancient fluorescent-lit cubby crammed with documents, case
               files, notes, reference books. Willy on the phone:WILLYI'm not knocking it down to a Class C.
                           My backlog of open cases does not
                           mitigate the fact that your client
                           tried to kill his brother-in-law with -
                           oh, right, a "golfing accident"? Your
                           client owns one golf club and no golf(MORE)17WILLY (cont'd)
                           balls - and the "accident" took place
                           in the stairway of an illegal after-
                           hours gambling club. Yeah, okay -
                           I'll see you in court.
               His cell phone rings.   As he gets it:WILLYWell, I won't see you in court, but
                           someone from this office will. You
                           take it up with them, I gotta go.
                                  (switching phones)
                           Willy Slocum. Oh - hey, hi, yes.
               Assistant District Attorney NORMAN CHANG (mid-30s) throws the
               door open without looking:NORMANWooton Sims?!
               Willy holds up a finger, talking into his cell:WILLYNo, I didn't.     Wow.   Okay.
               Norman mouths "WOOTON SIMS?!" repeatedly during:WILLYNo - short notice is...fine. No, I
                           can. Black tie. Sure. What time?
                           Okay. Yes. Thank her.
               He hangs up, exhales slowly.    Looks at Norman.NORMANWooton - SIMS?!
                           Wooton Sims?!WILLYPlease stop saying, "Wooton Sims" over
                           and over. It's starting to sound like
                           nonsense words.NORMANYou asshole!WILLYOkay: go back to "Wooton Sims."
               As Willy gets up and goes out, past Norman -NORMANHow the hell did you get a job at
                           Wooton Sims?! I can't even get an
                           interview!18INT. DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE - DAYNorman follows Willy out to a central bullpen area where the
               shared ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANTS work: MONA and GLADYS.NORMANI've been here five years. I'm your
                           supervisor. I graduated USC, summa!WILLYWe're just going to pretend he's not
                           talking, okay?MONA                            NORMANNo problem.                     I'm serious.WILLYI'm really jammed-up all day, and I
                           need to rent a tuxedo - for tonight.NORMANA tuxedo?! Oh, come on!     You are so
                           full of shit.WILLY(Jotting notes)
                           There must be a place that does that,
                           right - same day? I'm also gonna need
                           a messenger to bring it here. This is
                           my suit size and my shirt size...I
                           really appreciate this.
               Mona nods, taking notes as Willy gets out a credit card.
               Other DDAs are gathering to soak up some vicarious kicks.MONAWhat's going on?WILLYWooton Sims buys a whole lot of seats
                           to this charity opera thing every
                           year, because Bob Wooton is the
                           chairman of this committee -NORMAN"Bob" Wooton?!WILLY(Enjoying, mock-helpless)
                           It's what the man told me to call him.19GLADYSYou're gonna need to pick out a style,
                           Willy.WILLYA style.GLADYSFor the tuxedo.
               Willy hesitates, in over his head.   A DDA helpfully does the
               Travolta finger-in-the-air pose.WILLYI don't know - I just don't want to
                           look like I'm going to the prom.GLADYSYou wanna go Classic.    Fix him up.MONAWe'll get you something Classic.
                                  (Picks up a ringing phone)
                           Willy Slocum's office.NORMANMake sure it comes with cuff-links and
                           knee-pads.WILLYOh, that's very nice: it's good to be
                           back in high school.MONA(Hanging up)
                           Willy?
               Her tone makes him - and everyone else - turn.MONAGod wants to see you.WILLY(Beat)
                           Our God?MONAWho art on the Eleventh Floor.
               Willy, startled, looks around. Approving nods, raised
               eyebrows. He tightens his tie and heads for the elevators.20NORMANThere is no justice! There is no
                           justice in the city of Los Angeles!INT. LOBRUTO'S OFFICE - SOON AFTERDistrict Attorney JOE LOBRUTO, 50-ish, sits behind a massive
               oak desk, studying a thick file. Doesn't look up as a
               SECRETARY shows Willy in.
               Willy hesitates. Looks around: he's never been here. Flags,
               wood panelling, leather furniture, windows overlooking the
               city. Finally Lobruto looks up, takes Willy in.LOBRUTOWilliam No-Middle-Initial Slocum.WILLYYes sir.LOBRUTOSit.
                                  (As Willy does:)
                           Eighty-four-percent conviction rate.
                           That's remarkable.WILLYThank you.LOBRUTOWith a case load thirty percent higher
                           than any other first-year DDA.
                                  (Beat)
                           Of course - you also swapped more
                           cases than the rest of them put
                           together.
               Willy considers his options.   He always does.WILLYI offered my losing cases in exchange
                           for two or three of anyone else's
                           possible convictions. They couldn't
                           handle their workloads, and I prefer
                           not to lose.
               Lobruto knew this; the question was would Willy admit it.LOBRUTOYou're going to need a middle initial.21WILLYSir?LOBRUTOYou're going to Wooton Sims.WILLYIn two weeks.LOBRUTOYou'll be able to afford a better
                           suit. But those guys all play squash
                           and have middle names. They go in for
                           the mother's maiden name a lot.
               Beat. Willy doesn't like the implied personal judgement, but
               the only way it shows is how calm he stays.WILLYMy mother didn't have a maiden name.
               Lobruto nods, unruffled by Willy's hard calm.LOBRUTOSo you're a bastard; sometimes I can
                           be a son-of-a-bitch. Maybe you belong
                           here.WILLYI didn't work this hard to stay where
                           I belong.LOBRUTOYou're a street-fighter, Willy. You
                           should be in court. We can move you
                           up to better cases.WILLYI appreciate the offer.LOBRUTOI didn't think so.
                                  (Closes the file, stands)
                           Well - you got your litigation
                           experience. Your chops. And your
                           juicy private sector job. Anything
                           else the City of Los Angeles can do
                           for you?
               Willy's amused.    He stands, too.   As they shake hands:22WILLYNo, I think that's everything - thank
                           you.LOBRUTOThe offer stands. If you get tired of
                           carrying a spear.
               Willy nods - but Lobruto notes the tiny flicker in his eyes:
               not getting it and trying to cover. Lobruto smiles gently.LOBRUTOIt's an opera joke. Give my regards
                           to Bob.INT. WILLY'S OFFICE - LATERWilly's twisting in his rented tux, trying to adjust a buckle
               on the side of the vest.
               The phone rings and he gives up, frustrated - pushing the
               plastic garment-bag aside to answer -
               - knocking a full cup of take-out coffee on to his chair.
               Which is where he left his suit.
               Willy freezes. Watching the coffee seep into the fabric.
               Into the phone, distracted:WILLYWilly Slocum.INTERCUT WITH:INT. NORMAN'S OFFICE - THE SAME TIMENorman's looking at a case file.NORMANI've got an Attempted Homicide.
                           Conley caught it last night, but he's
                           hung up in motions with Gardner.
                           Arraignment in Part Seven, at three
                           o'clock.WILLYThree o'clock is in fifteen minutes.NORMANThank you.   What's the temperature?23WILLYI can't do it.NORMANYou do still actually work here,
                           Willy, right? I mean, you're still
                           going to be cashing your paycheck for
                           another two weeks and everything?WILLYJust get somebody else for this one.NORMANEverybody's booked up. Look: it's not
                              going to trial. There's a weapon with
                              prints, and a confession. Take the
                              arraignment and wait for the plea.WILLY(Beat)
                              A real confession?NORMANSpontaneous and signed.   Come on,
                              Willy.
               Willy sighs.     Looking down at his coffee-soaked suit.WILLYOkay.   Here's the problem.INT. NORMAN'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUSNorman slowly smiles, listening.NORMANYou know - I really wish I was going
                              to see this.INT. COURTROOM - LATERWilly slips self-consciously through the double-doors,
               wearing the tuxedo.
               He gets even more self-conscious when he notices a handful of
               local REPORTERS. He hurries in -
               - passing Nunally, in the back row. Nunally is making a good
               show of keeping it together...but it's only a show.
               JUDGE IRENE FELDMAN, 50-ish, looks over her half-glasses.24JUDGE FELDMANMr. Slocum. Nice to see a man who
                           dresses for court.WILLYSorry, your honor.    Long story.
               Willy, hurrying to Prosecution Table, barely glances at the
               Defense Table -
               - but Crawford, sitting beside his PUBLIC DEFENDER in an
               orange jumpsuit and handcuffs, never takes his eyes off
               Willy, intrigued.JUDGE FELDMANGrapevine has it the punch-line is
                           Wooton Sims.WILLYYes, ma'am.JUDGE FELDMANGood for you, double-oh-seven.
                                  (Signaling the Bailiff)
                           Let's see what public service is
                           offering you by way of a send-off:BAILIFFThe State of California Versus Thomas
                           Crawford.
               The Defense rises; Crawford hardly pays any attention to the
               Judge - glancing back and noticing Nunally, whose eyes bore
               into him, haunted and burning.
               Crawford stares at him impassively a second, then turns to
               lean past his P.D. and watch Willy hastily skim the file.JUDGEMr. Crawford, you've been charged with
                           section 664 slash 187 of the
                           California Penal Code: Attempted
                           Murder, with additional allegations of
                           Assault With a Deadly Weapon - Penal
                           Code section 245 dash A2, with Great
                           Bodily Injury, P.C. Section 12022.07.
                                   (Beat)
                           Do you waive further reading of the
                           complaint and complete statement of
                           rights?25P.D.                              CRAWFORD(sotto)                    I do.     But, your honor -
                 You do.JUDGE FELDMANAnd do you wish to enter a plea at
                           this time?CRAWFORDNot guilty. But I also want to waive
                           my right to counsel, and represent
                           myself.
               Willy looks up from the file - startled.JUDGE FELDMANDo you have a problem with your
                           appointed counsel, Mr. Crawford?CRAWFORDNo. I just want to do it myself.     I
                           believe it's within my rights.P.D.Your honor, if I could have a moment
                           with my client -CRAWFORDI'm not your client. Try and keep up,
                           would you?
               The P.D. shuts up, taken aback. The Judge considers
               Crawford, thoughtful, then turns to Willy.JUDGE FELDMANDo the People have an objection or a
                           comment for the record, Mr. Slocum?
               Willy hesitates, held by Crawford's strange, amused gaze.
               Shakes it off:WILLYI'm sorry, your honor: we've got the
                           weapon and a signed confession. I
                           really think Mr. Crawford needs a
                           competent attorney to - frankly -
                           negotiate a plea.
               Crawford reaches up with cuffed hands and adjusts an
               imaginary bow-tie. Willy self-consciously touches where
               Crawford indicated on his own collar, straightens his clip-
               on.26Crawford nods: you're welcome.    Willy turns to the Judge.WILLYI - can't - this was supposed to be -
                           with a pro se defendant, this is going
                           to drag out for months - and I'm not
                           even going to be here. The People
                           request a continuance to -CRAWFORDExcuse me? Your honor? I'm willing
                           to waive my right to a preliminary
                           hearing and go directly to a jury
                           trial.
                                  (To Willy)
                           Does that help?JUDGEYou don't need to look out for Mr.
                           Slocum, Mr. Crawford. The District
                           Attorney's office can shift another
                           prosecutor to the case -CRAWFORDNo, I like Mr. Slocum.
               Beat.JUDGE FELDMANMr. Slocum?   He likes you.WILLYTerrific.JUDGE FELDMANMr. Crawford seems to understand his
                           rights and responsibilities.WILLYAll due respect, your honor, I'm
                           worried this may turn into some sort
                           of a - circus -JUDGE FELDMANI appreciate your concern for the
                           dignity of my courtroom, Mr. Slocum -
                           considering you're making the argument
                           dressed as a game-show host.
                           Unfortunately, the man is a tax-paying
                           citizen, entitled by our Constitution
                           to try and manipulate the legal
                           system, like everybody else.
                                  (turning)(MORE)27JUDGE FELDMAN (cont'd)
                          As for you, Mr. Crawford, I strongly
                          urge you to retain counsel. Lack of
                          same will not be grounds for appeal.CRAWFORDI understand.     Thank you.JUDGE FELDMANAre the People ready to go to trial
                           without a preliminary hearing?
               Willy hesitates, irritated. Looks through the file again.
               Checks Crawford - waiting, polite.WILLYSure.   Why not.
               Crawford smiles at him, as the Judge opens her calendar.INT. PARKING STRUCTURE - LATERWilly, in his tux, comes out of a staircase and stops.   Rob
               Nunally is waiting by Willy's parked car.NUNALLYYou're supposed to be good.
               Willy takes him in - wary, seeing an edge of anger and fear
               beneath the tough controlled cop manner.WILLYIs that what I'm supposed to be?NUNALLYI asked around. You're supposed to be
                           top-notch - but to me it looks like
                           you've got one foot out the door, and
                           you're wiping the rest of us off the
                           bottom of the other one.WILLYI'm sorry to...disappoint you.
               Nunally is silent - frustrated. The concrete walls and
               ceilings echo from distant cars.NUNALLYI took Crawford's confession.WILLYAnd now you want mine?28NUNALLYI'm here to warn you. Take this
                             seriously, because it's serious. This
                             guy is stone cold - and his wife - is
                             lying in a hospital bed - with brain
                             damage...
               He struggles to keep himself under control.WILLYAre you all right?NUNALLYAre you gonna be on this, or what?WILLYYeah.  I'm on it.
                                     (Gently)
                              You got a confession. You took the
                              gun out of his hand. It's done.NUNALLYI'm just - telling you. Is that okay?
                              Or are you too friggin' busy?!WILLYNo.   It's okay.
               Willy waits.    Watching the tortured cop wrestle with demons.NUNALLYForget it.
                                     (Beat)
                              It's a lock. We're good.   Put him
                              down. Bury him.
               Willy nods.    Nunally turns and walks away, down a ramp.
               Willy watches him go. Sad. Like he's watching Nunally
               drown. But he's seen people drown before...and he's not
               about to put out a hand. Might get pulled in himself.INT. CHANDLER PAVILION - LOBBY - LATERWilly moves uneasily among clusters of laughing, chatting,
               sparkling FORMAL-DRESSED PEOPLE.
               NIKKI GARDNER joins him, strolling alongside. She's his age,
               but her elegant dress, unlike his tux, was made for her.NIKKIAre you a shark?29WILLYSorry?NIKKIYou've been circling the lobby for
                           half-an-hour now, like if you stopped
                           you'd die.WILLYIf I stopped, I'd be standing around
                           with no one to talk to. At which
                           point, death would be a relief.NIKKIWhy don't you talk to Bob?
               Willy stops walking, getting a little careful.WILLY"Bob" is talking to the Governor.
                                  (Beat)
                           Do I know you?
               She puts a hand out, gently amused.NIKKINikki Gardner. Senior Associate,
                           Wooton Sims.WILLY(Shakes)
                           Oh - hey, hi. It was your office that
                           called, with the invitation.NIKKIOn Bob's orders.WILLYListen, I don't...actually know "Bob."
                           I mean, I've only met the man once.
               Nikki nods, considering this.      And him.NIKKIInteresting.
               They're each conscious of an unexpected buzz of attraction.
               The lobby lights flicker, breaking the spell a little. As
               the CROWD begins to drift toward the auditorium doors:NIKKIYou like opera?30WILLYTruth is, I haven't really had that
                           much expos-NIKKINeither do I.
               With a conspiratorial head-tip, Nikki moves toward the plaza
               doors. Willy follows.EXT. ARTS CENTER - SOON AFTERThey stroll the emptying plaza, dressed to the nines.NIKKIBob assigned you to my team. I'll
                           supervise your case-work, steer you
                           through the office arcana, and
                           generally keep an eye on you.WILLYKind of like a mentor.NIKKIKind of like a probation officer.
               Beat. Willy nods, meeting Nikki's gaze as she looks to make
               sure he's got it.WILLYOkay.NIKKIWooton Sims expects absolute loyalty
                           and a hundred-and-ten-percent
                           performance. But: you get to work on
                           legendary litigation. National,
                           sometimes global, in scope. It's high-
                           stakes. And cut-throat - even within
                           the team. We burn out associates at
                           an astonishing rate.WILLYYou're trying to scare me.NIKKIYes.WILLYYou're going to have to try harder.
               She stops walking.   Studying Willy.31NIKKICan I ask you something personal?WILLYSure.NIKKIWho are you?
               Willy doesn't answer. Maybe uncertain what she means. Maybe
               not wanting her to know. Or even not knowing, himself.NIKKIWe have a guy in our criminal
                           division, fresh out of Yale, named
                           Calvin Tyler. One of our very rich
                           clients gets pulled over, D.U.I. -
                           which is routine bullshit, so Calvin
                           gets it. Against you. Next thing we
                           know, Calvin is fired, and Bob Wooton,
                           who has never even interviewed a
                           junior associate before - let alone
                           hired one - says you're on my team.
               Willy weighs his options.    Decides to level:WILLYIt was a good bust, so Calvin came to
                           me for a deal. I told him if he could
                           arrange an interview for me with Mr.
                           Wooton, I would throw the case. I
                           laid out his arguments and evidence
                           for him - and I showed him how I would
                           lose. Calvin set up my appointment
                           for the day after our court date.
                           Then he did what I had suggested in
                           court - and I wiped the floor with
                           him. Your client got the maximum.
                           Next day, I met with Mr. Wooton.
                                  (Shrugs)
                           Bob.
               Beat.NIKKIWow. You know what's brilliant about
                           that?WILLYYes.32NIKKIYou didn't actually do anything all
                           that wrong.WILLYWell - I wasn't entirely honest with
                           Calvin.
               His cell-phone rings.    He ignores it.NIKKIYou gonna get that?WILLYEveryone I need to talk to is here.
               They are both feeling the electricity in the air between them.
               They wait the phone out, enjoying the forbidden insanity of
               it. But then:NIKKIWe need to talk about your transition
                           timetable.WILLYAll right.NIKKIBob believes in trial-by-fire. He
                           wants you up-to-speed two weeks from
                           Tuesday, because we're getting on a
                           plane to Chicago for depositions in a
                           class-action against our biggest
                           client, Armstead Pharmaceutical.WILLYNo problem.
               She studies Willy, trying to make sure he understands:NIKKIThat's catch-up on three years' work -
                           and you haven't closed out your old
                           job yet.WILLYI'm good at trials.    Even by fire.
               Beat.NIKKIYou know, a little bit of fear can be
                           a very healthy thing to have.33WILLYI'm looking forward to when I can
                           afford the luxury of having some.
               Nikki sighs, smiles.    Enjoying him, somewhat reluctantly.NIKKII'll have them put the Armstead
                           materials in your new office.WILLYThanks.    Boss.
               He watches her head off into the night. He remains, alone,
               in his tuxedo, looking at the elegant glittering arts plaza.
               Then he checks his cell-phone.     Dials.INTERCUT WITH:INT. FORENSICS LAB - LATERMARCHAND, Senior S.I.D. (Scene Investigation Division) Tech,
               works as he talks into a speaker-phone. He and Willy have
               teamed-up often, and an underlying respect lets them mock
               each other.MARCHANDMarchand.WILLYIt's Willy Slocum.     What's up?MARCHANDYour gun in that Palisades shooting is
                           no good.WILLYHow can the gun be "no good"?MARCHANDIt's a perfectly good weapon. A
                           Heckler & Koch nine-millimeter. It's
                           just no good as evidence. It's never
                           been fired.WILLYIt's the gun from the scene?34MARCHANDYep. Bought by Mr. Thomas Crawford
                           and registered to his wife, about a
                           month ago. Apparently a gift.WILLYAnd between the shooting and arrest,
                           this guy was locked inside his house.MARCHANDIs that a question?WILLYNo, I mean, just: what's the point?
                            Playing games with the gun. He's
                            alone in the house with the victim,
                            and he confessed - it's not like the
                            gun's gonna get him off the hook.MARCHANDDo you have a question I can answer?
               Beat.   Willy shakes the puzzle off, irritated:WILLYLook, our weapon is in that house
                            somewhere. Get a team out to search
                            it tomorrow morning.MARCHANDYa think?WILLY(Sighs, smiles)
                            Thank you.
               He shuts the phone. Takes a moment, looking around again at
               where he is. Absently tugs at his tie and vest, lets the
               case go. Heads in to the opera.INT. WILLY'S OFFICE - A WEEK LATERControlled chaos. A week's work has emptied the shelves and
               cleared the surfaces, but the file-cabinet drawers are all
               half-open: Willy sorts folders, neatly marking and packing
               them. White "trans-file" storage boxes are piled all over.MESSENGER (O.S.)Slocum?
               Willy looks up, at a MESSENGER with another file box.35WILLYYeah.MESSENGERWhere do you want it?WILLYThe idea here is we're trying to take
                           boxes out - not bring more in.MESSENGERIs that the idea?
               Willy sourly gestures to a chair; checks the label as the
               Messenger sets it down -WILLYWhoa - wait a second, this is a screw-
                           up. I already have these documents.
                           I sent this box: to the Defendant, at
                           County.MESSENGERI picked up at County.    Slip says
                           bring 'em here.
               Messenger holds out a clipboard. Willy reluctantly signs.
               As the Messenger leaves, Willy cuts the tape and takes out a
               folder. Opens it:
               Crawford has scrawled NO in red marker across the top sheet.
               Willy turns to the next page.     A big red NO across that, too.
               Pulls out more documents - flips through: NO - NO - NO - NO -
               red letters wriggling across the typed pages, like flip-book
               animation.
               Beat.   Disturbed, he picks up the phone, dials.INTERCUT WITH:INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - THE SAME TIMES.I.D. TECHS are taking the place apart: opening HVAC vents,
               pulling books off shelves, upending chairs and tables,
               removing drawers from cabinets.
               Marchand, supervising, answers his cell-phone:MARCHANDMarchand.36WILLYWhere are we on this gun?MARCHANDWe can't find it, Willy.WILLYI'm in trial on Monday.MARCHANDI know. I don't know what to tell
                           you. I'm there now.WILLYYou said you'd get a team out a week
                           ago -MARCHANDI'm here now. My team has been here
                           twice already.
                                  (Beat)
                           Do you really need it?WILLYDo I need it?! The weapon?!
               He takes a second.   Sighs, exasperated - but honest:WILLYI don't know. Probably not.
                           Defendant's a whack-job.MARCHANDHe went pro se, right?WILLYYeah. Just when you think they're not
                           really stupid, they defend themselves.MARCHANDYou've got a confession and an
                           airtight bunch of circumstantial.
                                  (Apologetic)
                           We've gone over this place top-to-
                           bottom three times now, Willy.
               Willy takes a breath.   Thinks it through.WILLYYeah, okay. Don't worry about it.
                                  (Beat)
                           Sorry - got a lot going on.37MARCHANDMust be rough, figuring out what
                           you're gonna do with all that money.WILLYHey, I had to sit through an opera
                           last week.MARCHANDOh gee - lemme see if I can express
                           how much sympathy I have:
               Marchand snaps his phone shut.
               Willy smiles, hangs up. But then his smile fades, as he
               glances down again at Crawford's box of papers.
               Hundreds of pages.   Every single one scrawled NO.
               Willy considers them.INT. COUNTY JAIL - INTERROGATION ROOM - LATERMetal chairs. Bad light. Crawford sits, cuffed, at a table,
               waiting. Looks up as the door unlocks.
               A GUARD lets Willy in, locks the door behind him.
               Crawford watches Willy take a legal pad, files, pens from his
               briefcase, set them on the table.CRAWFORDHow's my wife?WILLYI don't know.CRAWFORDI heard somewhere, I think it was on
                           N.P.R., that you're supposed to talk
                           to people in a coma. Play their
                           favorite music. Supposedly it reaches
                           them.
               Willy, now ready, lets Crawford study him.CRAWFORDYou represent Jennifer. The voice of
                           the victim, judicially speaking. But
                           you haven't gone to see her?38WILLYNot yet.CRAWFORDToo busy getting up to speed on
                           Armstead Pharmaceutical?
               Beat.WILLYI beg your pardon?CRAWFORDI'm not judging you. I think anyone -
                           coming from...what you came from -
                           then paying your way through East-Okie
                           Cowshit College and Tulsa Law by
                           writing papers for Princeton kids on
                           the internet - my God, it must have
                           eaten your liver! Sixty-thousand
                           dollars in debt, eighty-four percent
                           conviction rate: you deserve this.
               Willy tries to stay in control.WILLYWhat the hell have you been doing.CRAWFORDI'm permitted the use of a private
                           investigator.WILLYNot to investigate me!CRAWFORDWhy not?   You're investigating me.WILLYYou shot your wife.CRAWFORDAllegedly. That's how it works,
                           right? If I can't introduce something
                           in court as evidence - it doesn't
                           exist. Legally.WILLYLook - I don't want to play games with
                           you.CRAWFORDI'm afraid you have to.39Beat. Willy reconstructs his formal cool. Takes some pages
               scrawled NO from a folder, pushes them across the table.WILLYIs this some form of - communication?CRAWFORDYou sent me a box of papers.WILLYIt's called Discovery.       The State has
                           a legal obliga-CRAWFORDThere's nothing in it, Willy. You
                           haven't 'discovered' anything. Have
                           you found the gun?
               Beat.WILLYNot yet.CRAWFORDNo.
                                  (Beat)
                           Does it bother you that I call you
                           Willy?WILLY(Lies)
                           No.
               Crawford nods.    Pleased.    Leans forward.CRAWFORDI'd like you to consider becoming my
                           lawyer. I'll pay you. A lot of
                           money.WILLYI'm - prosecuting you.CRAWFORDYeah, but I'm offering you a chance to
                           get on the right side of this whole
                           mess while you still can.WILLYAre you out of your mind?40CRAWFORDI think - on advice of counsel - I'll
                           decline to answer that one.
               Willy studies him. Decides: it's an elaborate act.   Begins
               to put away his papers.WILLYI don't need the gun to convict you,
                           by the way.CRAWFORDShe was cheating, you know.
               Willy looks at him, slightly taken aback.   He didn't know; it
               wasn't in the confession.
               As he considers whether it makes a difference - he notices
               Crawford watching, enjoying. Willy shuts his briefcase.WILLYIt doesn't matter what she did...Tom.
                           What you did is a crime.CRAWFORDPerhaps. But - maybe my so-called
                           peers will look at me and see
                           themselves. Betrayed. Frustrated.
                           Humiliated. And you and I both know,
                           Willy, that people have an infinite
                           capacity for believing in their own
                           innocence.WILLYGreat.   Take the stand. Tell your
                           story.   I'd appreciate it.CRAWFORDNot to mention the fact you have no
                           actual evidence connecting me to the
                           crime.
               Willy smiles, gets up.WILLYExcept your confession.
               Crawford watches him go to the door.CRAWFORDMy grandfather was an egg farmer.
               Willy stops, annoyed.41WILLYIs this gonna be about how you had a
                            rough childhood?CRAWFORDI used to candle eggs at his farm.
                            You know what that is? You hold an
                            egg up to a light, and look for
                            imperfections.
                                    (beat)
                            The first time I did it, he told me to
                            put the ones that were cracked or
                            flawed in a bucket - for the bakery.
                                    (beat)
                            He came back an hour later and there
                            were three hundred eggs in the bakery
                            bucket. He asked me what the hell I
                            was doing.
                                    (beat)
                            I found a flaw in every single one.
                            Thin places in the shell, minuscule
                            cracks.
                                    (smiles)
                            Look closely enough and you'll find
                            everything has a weak spot...where it
                            can break.WILLYLooking for mine?CRAWFORDNo, I've found yours.WILLYIlluminate me.
               Crawford considers how to put it.CRAWFORDYou're a winner, Willy.
               Silence.   Willy pushes the call-button by the door.WILLYHuh. Well.      Joke's on me then, I
                            guess.CRAWFORDYes.   It is.WILLYI'll see you in court, Mr. Crawford.42The door unlocks.   Crawford winks.
               Willy hesitates for a second - then leaves.INT. WOOTON, SIMS - EMPTY OFFICE - LATERIt's big. It's got a window. It's got a sofa. Undecorated,
               except for a pile of materials & boxes marked ARMSTEADPHARMACEUTICAL.Willy is filling out forms - tax, citizenship, benefits.   He
               doesn't notice Nikki when she comes to the door.NIKKIMake sure you sign the one with the
                             devil in blood. It's not binding
                             otherwise.
               He looks up, smiles.WILLYJust want to be ready for Chicago.
                             I'm all closed-out, downtown. Last
                             trial starts Monday.
               Beat.   Not pleased:NIKKIYou've got a trial Monday?WILLYYeah: attempted murder.NIKKIThat gives you three days. You told
                             me - and I told Bob - that you would
                             be ready to hit the ground r-WILLYThe man confessed.    And he's pro se.NIKKIWilly, some but acting as his own
                             lawyer - he could drag it out for
                             months!WILLYYou want to hear his witness list?
               Nikki nods.   Willy is silent.     She frowns.43NIKKINo witnesses?
               Willy leans in, enjoying this part - analyzing, even
               admiring, Crawford's ploy:WILLYIt's kind of clever: this guy is
                              trying to provoke the system into
                              declaring him insane. I think he
                              thinks we'll call in the doctors and
                              he can fake 'em out by refusing the
                              defense. He's acting out this really -
                              organized plan to appear crazy.
               Beat.   Nikki considers Willy.NIKKIYou're gonna miss being in court,
                              aren't you?
               He studies her, confident.    Gestures to the stacks of
               Armstead materials:WILLYI'm almost halfway through these. And
                              I think I've already found about six
                              disqualifiers in Delaware, Ohio, and
                              Florida. I have to check case law in
                              each state, but it looks good. I'll
                              get the rest done over the long
                              weekend.
               Nikki sighs, smiles a little, against her will.      He's won her
               over...again.
               Willy shrugs, grins.    In the silence, the impossible
               electricity returns.    After a moment - to defuse it:NIKKIYou don't go home for Thanksgiving?
               Slight beat.WILLYNo.
               She studies him a moment, thoughtful.    Careful.NIKKIIf you want - you're welcome at mine.
                              My family's.44WILLYReally?
               She nods. Smiling a little, knowing her family and starting
               to know Willy:NIKKII think it would be interesting.
               Beat.WILLYYeah.    Okay, thank you.NIKKICool.
               Beat.   She leaves.    Willy doesn't go back to work right away.INT. COURTROOM - THE NEXT DAYJUDGE ROBINSON presiding. A mid-sized crowd, including a few
               REPORTERS. A UNIFORM COP is in the witness box, Willy stands
               in the Prosecution Table.UNIFORM COPWe established a perimeter around the
                            house and then waited for SWAT and the
                            Negotiator. It was strictly by the
                            book.WILLYSo the house was completely surrounded
                            within how long of the first shots?
               Crawford sits alone at the Defense Table. He wears an
               expensive suit and no handcuffs, but two DEPUTIES sit behind
               him. He's barely listening to the testimony - drawing on his
               legal pad: intricate, dense complex diagrams of "Rube
               Goldberg" contraptions.UNIFORM COPMaybe ten minutes.WILLYAnd when you arrived at the sc-
               Crawford noisily tears a page off his pad.     Looks up - sees
               Willy, and everyone else, turned to him.CRAWFORDSorry.45Willy sighs, returns to the Cop.WILLYWhen you arrived on the scene, was
                           there a crowd?UNIFORM COPOh yeah. Neighbors, came out to look
                           soon as it started.WILLYAnd from what you could ascertain, no
                           one went into or came out of the house
                           until SWAT and the negotiator arrived?UNIFORM COPDefinitely not.WILLYThank you.   No further questions.JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Crawford?
               Crawford looks up from his drawing.CRAWFORDWhat?JUDGE ROBINSONYour witness, Mr. Crawford.
               Crawford takes in the Uniform Cop.CRAWFORDNo questions for this witness.
               Willy watches Crawford return diligently to his doodles.DISSOLVE TO:CLOSE-UP: THE DEFENSE TABLE - LATER THAT AFTERNOONIt's a mess of loose legal-pad pages torn from Crawford's
               pad, each covered in madly intricate schematics. He works on
               yet another, head down, intent.
               Dr. MARION KANG is on the stand, using a marker on a big
               diagram of a head:46DR. KANG- through the frontal cortex and the
                           temporal lobe, coming to rest against
                           the back of the skull.WILLYSo this bullet inflicted serious
                           injury?DR. KANGIt inflicted serious and irreparable
                           injury.
               Willy nods, allowing the jury time on this. He checks a note-
               card, glances at Crawford. Considers his options.WILLYDr. Kang, is it safe to say that
                           someone inflicting this kind of wound
                           intended to kill?
               Judge Robinson gives Willy a warning look.JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Crawford, you might want to
                           object. The witness can't know your
                           state of mind.
               Crawford doesn't even look up from his drawing.CRAWFORDNo thank you, your honor.
               Willy gives Judge Robinson an I-told-you-so shrug.     Turns to
               Dr. Kang.KANGI would say so, yes.WILLYThank you, Dr. Kang.
               Crawford tears off the page, starts another.INT. COURTROOM - LATERNunally on the stand.    Focused, professional.   Crawford
               draws, ignoring him.WILLYSo after you put down your gun, what
                           did Mr. Crawford do?47NUNALLYHe confessed to shooting his wife.WILLYHe confessed.
                                  (Beat)
                           Did Mr. Crawford appear confused or in
                           any way intoxicated, impaired?NUNALLYNo. Not at all. He knew what was
                           going on.WILLYWhat did Mr. Crawford say?
               Nunally looks at Crawford, enjoying the fatal blow:NUNALLYHe said, "I got the gun and I shot my
                           wife. God help me, I shot her in the
                           head. I know it was wrong."CRAWFORD(low, still drawing)
                           Objection.
               Everyone turns, surprised.JUDGE ROBINSONI'm sorry - Mr. Crawford, did you say
                           something?
               Crawford sets aside his pen for the first time.   Looks up.CRAWFORDYes.   I want to object.JUDGE ROBINSONOn what grounds?CRAWFORDI don't know.WILLYYour honor -CRAWFORDI don't know what you'd call it. They
                           - it wasn't the first time, either,
                           but - I don't know the legal term.48JUDGE ROBINSONWhy don't you just explain it in
                           layman's terms.CRAWFORDFucking the victim.
               Uproar in the court.JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Crawford -CRAWFORDYou said layman's terms -WILLYYour honor -CRAWFORDI'm sorry - what would you call it -
                           legally - when the officer who
                           arrested you has been having sexual
                           intercourse with your wife?
               Utter silence. Willy whirls a look at Nunally.     The cop
               meets his eyes - a deer in headlights.WILLY(Low)
                           Oh - shit.CRAWFORDI think it's objectionable - maybe I'm
                           wrong.WILLYYour honor...JUDGE ROBINSONDetective Nunally?
               Nunally looks down, silent.    Shaking his head.CRAWFORDRob?WILLYYour honor, the People request a -
               Nunally suddenly launches himself over the witness box rail
               to attack Crawford - as the Deputies leap forward to stop him -
               all of them flailing and cursing in a tangle -49- spectators screaming, fleeing, gawking.   Chaos.INT. JUDGE ROBINSON'S CHAMBERS - SOON AFTERThe Judge grim, Willy panicked, Crawford calm.WILLYHe had my witness list.   He should
                           have filed to suppress.CRAWFORD(Shrugs)
                           My mistake. Sorry.JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Crawford, I warned you about
                           representing yourself.CRAWFORDWhat about the fact that it's true?
                           I mean, isn't that the point here: to
                           get to the truth?JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Slocum - is it true?WILLYI don't know. I only heard about it
                           five minutes ago.CRAWFORDPut him back on the witness stand if
                           you don't believe me.WILLYWe can't put him back on now! Not
                           after what the jury just saw. Your
                           honor, I told you this would turn into
                           a circus. First he provokes the
                           witness with an outrageous allegation -CRAWFORDMy Dick has evidence.
               The Judge and Willy look at Crawford like he's truly insane.JUDGE ROBINSONExcuse me?CRAWFORDMy investigator. I call him Dick. I
                           guess I should call him as a rebuttal(MORE)50CRAWFORD (cont'd)
                           witness? He's got phone records,
                           credit receipts, photographs,
                           videotapes - all documenting the
                           affair. In graphic detail.
                                  (Beat. Mildly:)
                           Dick is good.
               The Judge looks at Willy.    This is bad.    Thinking fast:WILLYOkay - um: I'll stipulate that my
                           witness was less than forthcoming
                           ...and that can more or less cancel
                           out the fact that the defendant
                           withheld a crucial -JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Slocum - your witness was intimate
                           with the victim, and he assaulted the
                           defendant during the arrest.CRAWFORDActually, while obtaining my so-called
                           "confession."
               Willy stares at Crawford, shaken.    Understanding the trap.WILLYNo way.   Your honor -JUDGE ROBINSONHe's got a point. They were alone in
                           the house. The confession is no good.WILLYOh - come on!CRAWFORDIs this a legal argument?       "Oh come
                           on"?WILLY(Whirls on him)
                           You want to get into it?!
               Crawford raises his eyebrows. Awkward silence.         Willy takes
               a deep breath. Turns to the Judge.WILLYSorry.
                                  (Beat)
                           He dictated and signed his confession,
                           after that incident.51JUDGE ROBINSONIn police custody. Arguably, in fear
                           for his life. I'm sorry, Mr. Slocum -
                           it's all 'fruit of the tainted tree.'
                           We have to exclude all versions of the
                           confession and any evidence collected
                           by Lieutenant Nunally or by other
                           police officers on the night he was
                           present.WILLYThis is insane!CRAWFORDIt's Biblical, isn't it?   The fruit
                           and the tree and -WILLYHe set this up! Don't you see what
                           he's doing?!JUDGE ROBINSONYes, I do. And I don't like it. But
                           it's done, so we have to deal with it.CRAWFORDDo you think I could go home today,
                           your honor? With Thanksgiving around
                           the corner -JUDGE ROBINSONDon't push it, Mr. Crawford.
                                  (Beat)
                           What we're going to do is give Mr.
                           Slocum a few days to regroup and come
                           up with new evidence. If he doesn't -
                           then you can go home. That's going to
                           put us into the long weekend. We
                           reconvene Monday morning.
               Willy just stands there: blind-sided, shell-shocked.
               Crawford smiles at him.INT. WILLY'S OFFICE - THAT EVENINGThe end of a bad, bad day.   Willy flips on the lights as he
               comes in, shaken.
               A package is on the empty desk. Addressed in red marker.
               The return address: TC, County Jail.
               Willy just stands looking at it.52INT. COUNTY JAIL - THE SAME TIMECrawford sits on the metal bunk in his prison jumpsuit.
               Alone. Looking down.INT. WILLY'S OFFICE - RESUMEAs Willy takes a letter-opener from the desk drawer - the
               phone rings. He answers it, eyes still on the package:WILLYWilly Slocum.INTERCUT WITH:INT. GLAMOROUS BAR - THE SAME TIMECrowded with UPSCALE YOUNG PROFESSIONALS.    Nikki is on her
               cell-phone, hand over her other ear:NIKKIWell - you've gotta admire the
                           cleverness of it.
               Willy begins cutting open the package as he talks:WILLYDo I?INT. COUNTY JAIL - CONTINUOUSCrawford very slowly raises his eyes, until he is looking
               directly at us.NIKKI (V.O.)Come on, Willy - give the devil his
                           due.WILLY (V.O.)Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out
                           what that is.INT. WILLY'S OFFICE/GLAMOROUS BAR - RESUMENIKKIOkay: then listen - I checked with Bob
                           on how he wants you to handle this.(MORE)53NIKKI (cont'd)
                           Has LoBruto tried to take you off the
                           case yet?WILLYNo.NIKKIWell, he pretty much has to if he's
                           gonna save any face. So here's the
                           strategy: you let him.
               Willy cautiously lifts the box's flaps - pulls aside tissue
               paper - to reveal:
               A single eggshell.   Broken, empty.WILLYI let him?INT. COUNTY JAIL - CONTINUOUSCrawford begins to smile.NIKKI (V.O.)Yeah, damage control. Stop getting
                           your face on TV. As it is, I had to
                           talk Bob down from cancelling your
                           contract.INT. WILLY'S OFFICE/GLAMOROUS BAR - RESUMEWilly is staring down at the broken eggshell, barely
               listening to Nikki.NIKKI (CONT'D)But we've got to move fast and get out
                           from under. Otherwise, and I quote:
                           "Stick a fork in this kid's ass and
                           turn him over, he's done."WILLYI can't just - walk away.NIKKIWilly: today, you got killed. The
                           issue now is saving your new life.
               Willy can't take his eyes off Crawford's "gift."WILLYI guess...that would be the smart way
                           of looking at it.54INT. COUNTY JAIL - CONTINUOUSCrawford stares right at us.       Smiling.   Ice cold.INT. WILLY'S OFFICE/GLAMOROUS BAR - RESUMENikki is sympathetic, misunderstanding Willy's quiet:NIKKIYou want to come out and get drunk?WILLYNo. Thank you. I've got some stuff
                              to take care of.NIKKIAll right.    Don't beat yourself up.WILLYI won't.
               He hangs up.    Considering the empty eggshell.       But then he
               looks up:
               District Attorney Lobruto is in his office doorway, trying to
               decide whether to be angry.LOBRUTOYou don't look into who the victim
                              was sleeping with?
               Willy burns, ashamed.       But unable to admit it.WILLYHe - threw me off.
                                     (Frustrated)
                              Look, Crawford knew he'd be the prime
                              suspect, so he gave us everything -
                              but he made it all radioactive. The
                              night this went down, it was over.LOBRUTOBut you still walked   it into court,
                              Willy. We might not    have a case...but
                              it didn't have to be   a public
                              humiliation for this   office and the
                              police department.
               Silence.55WILLYAre you taking me off?LOBRUTOYou're leaving anyway.WILLYI'm starting to get a sense of this
                          guy.LOBRUTOThat's not new evidence.WILLYI can take him now: he thinks he's
                          smarter than I am.LOBRUTOIt's not about you, Willy.WILLYYeah, it is. He made it that way.
                                 (Shows him the egg)
                          He likes me.LOBRUTOWhat is that - some kind of Oklahoma
                          insult?WILLYLet me do this. I won't make you look
                          bad.
               Beat.LOBRUTONo. You won't. That's what I need to
                          make sure you understand. I remove
                          you now: I'm covered, I took some
                          action.
                                  (Beat)
                          If you go on with this, when you lose -
                          blame has to come down. And it'll
                          come down on you. I'll have to
                          investigate you for improprieties,
                          incompetence - anything I can. In
                          public. I'll hang you out to dry.
                          For the good of this office.
               Silence.WILLYIf I lose.56LOBRUTOWhat?WILLYYou said "when."
               Lobruto grimaces.     He shakes his head.    Sighs.LOBRUTOAll right.   It's yours.
               Willy nods.   Stubborn.    Scared.INT. MOTEL ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHTLocal news on the TV: Willy pushing past media outside the
               courthouse; official photo of Nunally; footage from the
               standoff at Crawford's.
               The sound is low, and Nunally isn't watching. He's sitting
               on the edge of the bed...looking down at his gun, in his
               hands.
               A knock on the door "wakes" him. Beat. He sets the gun
               aside, goes to peek out the curtains. Lets Willy in.WILLYYou're not easy to find.      I had to
                             call Internal Affairs.NUNALLYYeah - they put me on a desk - 'til
                             this gets...sorted out.
               He uncomfortably watches Willy glance around at the half-
               empty liquor bottle, the mismatched suitcases and paper bags
               full of balled-up clothes. And the gun on the bed.NUNALLYGot home - my wife already took the
                             kids to her folks. Press is all over
                             our front lawn. Friggin' vampires.
               He falters, haunted by the echo.      Willy doesn't notice:WILLYWhat the hell were you thinking.
                             You're on the job and you get called
                             to your girlfriend's house -57NUNALLYI didn't know it was her house.      I'd
                          never been there.WILLYIt was her name!NUNALLYI didn't know her name!
               Willy waits.    Nunally explains, reluctant to expose himself:NUNALLYNo last names. Her rules. We met at
                              the same hotel room, twice a week - no
                              phone calls, no questions. She didn't
                              want us to know too much about each
                              other. She said it was like...travel
                              in a foreign country. No baggage -
                              from our lives. Just us. Escaping.WILLYDid you get the feeling she had rules
                              because she had done it before? With
                              other guys?NUNALLYNo.  I don't know. Maybe.
                                     (Thinking, remembering:)
                              No. It was all just this...crazy
                              thing. For both of us. It was...
                              real. You know? We didn't expect
                              that, when we started. We didn't know
                              where it was going. I had cheated so
                              many times, I was numb - but she was
                              ...new. And she made me feel like
                              there was - some chance. To change.
                              We were scared. It was like we were
                              afraid to go forward, but we couldn't
                              go back.
                                     (Beat)
                              You always think you have time. To
                              work it out. Or make things right.
                                     (Angry)
                              What was I supposed to do?!WILLYYou were supposed to tell me!NUNALLYI'm married!    I have kids!58WILLYYou thought nobody knew - so maybe you
                           could just walk away clean.NUNALLYNo! I didn't think HE knew! OKAY?!
                           Even - after. I thought it was just -
                           massively fouled-up...bad luck. Like -
                           God - telling me - something.
                                  (Anguished)
                           I'm there. My mind is going crazy. I
                           know the confession won't hold if
                           anyone finds out.
                                  (Beat)
                           I thought the guy was a whack!WILLYYeah?   Well, he's not.
               Nunally won't look at Willy.      He just sits there, numb.WILLYIs there anything else you can give
                              me. Anything that might get us some
                              evidence.
               Nunally shakes his head.      Willy grimaces.   Goes to the door.NUNALLYI...tried to warn you.
               Willy stops.    Looks back.WILLYYou warned me he was smart. You
                              didn't warn me you were stupid.
               Nunally winces. Takes it. Willy feels a little badly.         Two
               guys in a shabby motel room, in terrible trouble.NUNALLYHow do we get the confession back in?WILLYWe don't.NUNALLYWhat are you gonna do?
               Willy shakes his head.     Walks out.59INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - THE NEXT DAYA massive search is under way.
               Marchand's S.I.D. Team has been doubled, back-up by a dozenSHERIFF'S DEPUTIES -- passing hand-held metal detectors along the furniture -
               - taking pictures down from the walls -
               - turning over mattresses - patting-down every item hanging
               in the closets -
               - wriggling into crawlspaces - poking into light fixtures
               recessed into the ceilings -
               - opening the air-conditioning unit, up on the roof -
               - ripping out Crawford's high-end home-theater system -
               - taking apart the Porsche in the garage.
               Willy paces the edges of the action, restless, edgy.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - KITCHEN - LATERWilly stops in the doorway - watching a DEPUTY shut the
               stainless-steel freezer, open a wired-glass cabinet and poke
               around.WILLYShake the boxes.DEPUTYHuh?WILLYThe cereal boxes - shake 'em. And
                             there's a chicken in the freezer.
                             Thaw it out, check inside.
               The Deputy stares like he's nuts. Willy doesn't blink.    The
               Deputy goes to shake the boxes, eyes on Willy: okay?
               Willy nods.   Moves on.EXT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - LATERHours have passed.60Willy steps out of the front door, because he's going stir-
               crazy inside. Stands watching two TECHS walk the lawn and
               flower-beds with metal detectors.
               He notices, past the S.I.D. vans and Sheriff's Dept. black-
               and-whites parked in the driveway:
               Nunally, in his parked car, across the street.
               He meets Willy's eyes.    Worried.
               Willy can't give him any news. So he pretends he didn't see
               the question in Nunally's eyes, looks away. Takes a breath,
               turns and goes back in to work.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DUSKIt's getting dark out. Techs pack equipment cases, carry
               them out. The place is a disaster area.
               Marchand watches Willy pace the living room.WILLYThe garage?    Washer-dryer?MARCHANDAnd the tool shed, and the roof, and
                           the H.V.A.C. ducts.WILLYWhat about the door frames?    The
                           floors?MARCHANDWhat did he do: rip open a door frame,
                           hide the gun inside and re-plaster the
                           wall before SWAT showed up?WILLYWhat about the neighbors' property?
                           He could have thrown it over the
                           hedges.MARCHANDWe checked.
                                  (Beat)
                           He might have passed it off to
                           somebody, Willy. Had an accomplice,
                           waiting, out the back.
               Willy shakes his head, grim.    Pacing.61WILLYThis isn't an accomplice sort of guy.
               He slows. Looking across the room at the big Rube Goldberg
               device. As he moves toward it:WILLYThis is a...guy who likes to show off.
               He examines the intricate workings, eyes travelling the
               clutter of metal and wires and motors.
               Checks Marchand - who shakes his head.WILLYYou sure?MARCHANDI'm sure.
               Willy grimaces.   Fuming, relentless:WILLYIt's a physical object. It can't just
                           vanish. We're missing something -
                           some step in the story.
               He begins walking through the crime, "the stations of the
               cross" - re-enacting it, starting from the front door,
               methodical, reciting it to himself:WILLYThe neighbor sees her get home. He's
                           already inside. She lets herself in.
                           A minute or two later: blood-pattern
                           says she's standing over there - he's
                           somewhere around here.
               Willy stands where Crawford was.     Raises a finger-gun.WILLYBoom.
               As Willy goes to where Jennifer fell:MARCHANDBut then he carries her back there.
                           Why?
               Willy walks along the path defined by the drops of blood:62WILLYBecause he's gonna need time. To
                           confess. When she's alone with the
                           cop.
               Willy stops in the alcove, looking down at the dried blood,
               the discarded paramedic-supply-wrappers.MARCHANDNeighbor comes to the door.
               Willy nods, comes out - crosses to the foyer:WILLYCrawford shouts, "Leave us alone" and
                           fires three more rounds: boom-boom-
                           boom.MARCHANDSo everybody knows he's dangerous -
                           and she might still be alive.WILLYSo they'll call the Negotiator.
                                  (Beat)
                           Now he's got about ten minutes.
               And that's it. He stands there with the imaginary gun in his
               hand. Looking around. Trying to think like Crawford.
               He can't.MARCHANDI'm sorry, Willy.
               Willy won't respond - because accepting the apology means
               admitting he's got nothing left.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LATERIt's night. The house is empty. Except for Willy, turning
               on lights as he gets to each room, turning them off as he
               leaves.WILLY (V.O.)Do you dare stay out?
                           Do you dare go in?
               Studying framed photos: Jennifer - now and then with Crawford -
               in Italy, Bermuda, Colorado. Always a bit posed and formal
               when they're together.63WILLY (V.O.)And IF you go in -
                           Should you turn left or right?
                           Or right and three-quarters?
                           Or maybe not quite.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - BATHROOM - SOON AFTERChecking the contents of the medicine cabinet.WILLY (V.O.)You can get so confused that you'll
                             start in to race,
                           Down long wiggled roads at break-
                             necking pace
               No longer really looking for the gun.   He's looking for
               insight. Contact. A way in.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - DRESSING ROOM - SOON AFTERWilly wanders through Jennifer's spacious dressing room.WILLY (V.O.)And grind on for miles across weirdish
                             wild space,
                           Headed I fear, toward a most useless
                             place.
               He idly surveys the vanity, cluttered with cosmetics, skin-
               care products. Lifts her perfume, sniffs.WILLY (V.O.)The Waiting Place...
                           For people just waiting.
                           Waiting for a train to go
                           Or a bus to come, or a plane to go
               Notices a storage box on the floor, left partly-open in the
               search. He shifts the lid aside.WILLY (V.O.)Or the mail to come, or the rain to go
                           Or the phone to ring, or the snow to
                           snow
               A high-school yearbook. An old photo album. A teddy bear.
               A snow-globe. A well-worn book by Dr. Seuss.64WILLY (V.O.)Or waiting around for a Yes or No
                           Or waiting for their hair to grow.
                           Everyone is just waiting.
               Willy stares down at the souvenirs of a lost life.INT. HOSPITAL - I.C.U. - NIGHTThe room is dim, and silent except for the hiss-click of the
               respirator, the monotonous beep of the heart monitor.WILLY (V.O.)Waiting for the fish to bite
                           Or waiting for wind to fly a kite
                           Or waiting around for Friday night
                           Or waiting perhaps for their Uncle
                             Jake
               Jennifer Crawford lies with her head wrapped in gauze, eyes
               shut, plastic tubing down her throat held in place with tape.
               Willy sits beside her bed, reading Dr. Seuss:WILLYOr a pot to boil, or a Better Break
                           Or a string of pearls, or a pair of
                             pants
                           Or a wig with curls...
                           Or Another Chance.
               He stops reading a moment.   Watching her:RESIDENT (O.S.)What are you doing?
               Willy turns. A work-weary RESIDENT comes past him to check
               the I.V.'s and monitors. He's about Willy's age.WILLYI heard it might - help - if somebody
                           talked to her.RESIDENTWho told you that?WILLY(Reluctantly)
                           The man who shot her.
               The RESIDENT looks up at Willy - who shrugs, uncomfortable.65WILLYIs there any chance...she might come
                           out of this?RESIDENTAre you a member of the family?WILLY(Getting out ID)
                           Sorry. I'm with the District
                           Attorney's office.
                                  (Beat)
                           We don't have any other witnesses.RESIDENTThis woman had a bullet plow through
                           her brain.WILLYI know. But you hear about people
                           waking up from comas. After everybody
                           said pull the plug - they wake up.
                                  (Beat)
                           You hear stuff like that all the time.RESIDENTYou hear about Elvis and Aliens, too.
                           All the time.WILLYIt's not impossible, though. Is it?
                           I mean - why else are you keeping her
                           like this?
               Beat.   The Resident sighs.RESIDENTNo. It's not impossible. But even if
                            she did, she might not remember how to
                            talk - let alone anything about how
                            she was shot.WILLYWhen I was here alone before, she
                            moved a little.RESIDENTAre you just going to keep asking the
                            same question in different ways until
                            you hear the answer you want?
               Beat.66WILLYThat's how it works with the law.RESIDENTI knew I should have gone to law
                           school.
               Willy watches the Resident go out. Then he looks back down
               at Jennifer. Listening to the machines.INT. CRAWFORD OFFICE - THE NEXT DAYWilly wanders.   Tina, the assistant, waits in the doorway.
               He's trying to conceal the fact that he's on a fishing
               expedition.WILLYSo this is all exactly how he left it.TINAYes.
               Browses a wall of framed photos: Crawford at crash sites,
               universities, engineering test-labs - awards, certificates,
               articles from industry publications lauding Crawford as the
               Go-To-Guy for investigating mechanical failures of aircraft.WILLYAnd he was - distraught.TINAHe was drinking. The past few weeks.WILLYBut he was working on this.
               He stands over unfinished Rube Goldberg device.   Tools laid
               out on the work table - meticulous, organized.WILLYAll distraught and everything.
               It's not evidence.TINADo you want coffee.    He said I should
                           ask.
               Willy turns, a little rattled.    Beat.67WILLYTell him I said no thank you.INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAYThe room where Jennifer and Nunally met. Cleaned-up now,
               anonymous, empty. Willy stands looking at it.
               There's nothing to see. He grimaces, nods - heads out, past
               the ASSISTANT MANAGER waiting in the doorway.INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUSAs Willy comes out of the room - he slows, noticing the
               little gray plastic surveillance-camera-ball in the ceiling.WILLYHow long do you keep the tapes?ASSISTANT MANAGERA month.
               Willy considers it.     He's got nothing else to try.WILLYCan I get a copy of October 9th?ASSISTANT MANAGERI'll have it for you Friday.WILLYI'm kind of under the gun here.ASSISTANT MANAGERWe're short-staffed tonight and
                            tomorrow.
               Beat.   Seeing Willy's confusion:ASSISTANT MANAGERThanksgiving?
               Willy nods, trying to pretend he hasn't forgotten:WILLYRight.   Okay.68INT. GARDNER HOUSE - DINING ROOM - LATERA faux-Tudor Hancock Park dining room.   Wealthy, but lived
               in.
               JUDGE LEWIS GARDNER, your basic Henry Fonda/Jimmy Stewart-
               type patriarch, carves a turkey at the head of a long table,
               wearing a worn and gravy-splattered apron. Platters
               circulate in both directions among Nikki's older siblings
               (BURTON and SANDRA), their spouses, their children.
               Willy sits next to Nikki, who is high-stylish despite the
               fact that she's dressed "casual."GARDNERWhite or dark, Willy?WILLYAnything is fine, your honor.GARDNERI'm off-duty, you can call me Lew.
               While Gardner piles turkey on a plate and passes it:WILLYSo - is everyone in this family
                           involved in the law?SANDRAWell, Nikki's not.NIKKIHa ha.
                                  (To Willy:)
                           Burton's a counsel for Sierra Club,
                           and Sandra's ACLU - so they use the
                           holidays as an opportunity to give me
                           a hard time, because I can buy and
                           sell them.SANDRAWe're not actually for sale, Nick.
               Nikki gives Willy a did-I-tell-you? look.GARDNERNicole decided early-on that black
                           sheep was the most effective role in
                           which to distinguish herself from her
                           siblings.69NIKKIYou know of any other family in
                            America where the corporate lawyer
                            who's going to make partner by thirty-
                            five is the "black sheep"?GARDNERWell - you may be lost beyond
                            recovery, but maybe we can still
                            convince Willy that defending giant
                            corporations against injured citizens
                            is not the best use of his skills.WILLYI don't think so, sir.
                                   (smiles)
                            It's where the money is.GARDNER(Scolding mildly)
                            I believe that phrase refers to banks.
                            And it was coined by a thief.
               Beat.   Willy remains polite, but won't back down.WILLYTimes have changed.NIKKI(To Willy)
                            You don't have to do this.WILLYI don't mind; I get this kind of thing
                            now and then.
                                   (to Gardner)
                            Almost always from people with money.GARDNERAppearances can be deceiving, Willy.
                            I grew up with eight brothers and
                            sisters on a farm up in Fresno, and I
                            promise you I saw my share of hard
                            times.
               Willy considers his options.WILLYMy mom OD'd fairly frequently, so they
                            put me in a Group Home. My younger
                            sister is dead and my older brother is
                            doing twenty-five-to-life.70Awkward silence.GARDNERYou win.
               Beat.   Willy looks down, begins to eat again.WILLYI usually do.GARDNER(Gently)
                             Yes.    I see that.BURTONI don't know if you will against the
                             wife-shooter, though.
               The click of silverware.SANDRAWhoops.NIKKINice, Burton.
               Beat.   Willy looks up at Burton, steady.     Shrugs.WILLYIt's not over 'til it's over.BURTONThat looked pretty over.NIKKIAnyway, Willy's been taken off the
                             case.GARDNERIt might not seem like it now, but
                             that's a blessing in disguise, Willy.
               Willy nods.   Beat.     To Nikki, uncomfortable:WILLYI wasn't.
               Nikki looks at Willy.NIKKIWhat?71WILLYTaken off.NIKKIThat...doesn't make any sense.
                           Lobruto has to do some kind of damage
                           control -WILLYI asked him not to.
               Silence.   Nikki is staring at him.    Angry.NIKKIYou are really stupid, did you know
                            that?
               Willy doesn't know how to handle this; everyone else tries to
               be polite, eating and pretending not to notice.WILLYI'm - getting new evidence -NIKKIWhere? The Evidence Store?! Oh,
                            that's right - they open early the day
                            after Thanksgiving. You're gonna be
                            fine!WILLYDid it ever occur to you I might be
                            good enough to still win?!NIKKIWho cares?!
                            Win what?WILLYThe man shot his -NIKKIYou wanted corporate, right?! You
                            wanted to play in the big leagues?!WILLYYeah, I'm just -NIKKIYou go to all that trouble getting
                            yourself in - and then you just pay no
                            attention to wh-72WILLYLook - I'm sorry - can we not talk
                           about this here?!
               Nikki stops. Refusing to look around.     Ashamed at losing
               control, turns back to her food:NIKKIFine.WILLYThank you.
               Everyone eats in silence a moment - then Nikki tosses down
               her napkin:NIKKII need to talk with you.
               She gets up and walks out of the room. With an awkward
               glance around, Willy excuses himself and follows her.EXT. GARDNER HOUSE - FOYER - CONTINUOUSWILLYLook, I'm sorry I didn't tell you -NIKKIDid you hear me, when I said Bob
                           wanted you gone as soon as this thing
                           broke?! Did you hear me say I went
                           out on a limb to convince him -WILLYWouldn't it be better than damage
                           control if I actually turn it around?NIKKIAnd what if you don't?
               Willy has no answer. He doesn't think that way. And she
               sees that. She sees a young man from Oklahoma, in way over
               his head. Desperate to get through:NIKKIYou don't get it at all, do you?! You
                           pulled a stunt to get yourself this
                           job. Fine: you're a hot-shot!
                                  (Beat)
                           Wooton Sims does not need hot-shots.
                           Because you don't win. The firm wins.
                           Bob wins.(MORE)73NIKKI (cont'd)
                                   (Beat)
                            And you just put yourself head-to-head
                            in conflict with Bob.
               Silence.   Shaken:WILLYWhat am I supposed to do?NIKKIWe told the man you're getting on a
                            plane to Chicago, Tuesday.
               Painful silence.WILLYYeah.   Okay.
               Nikki watches him dealing with it, sympathetic. The
               impossible feelings always running under the surface for them
               have developed a darker, aching tone. If anything, stronger.WILLYI think maybe I'm gonna go now.NIKKIAll right.
                                   (Beat)
                            Call if you want.
               He nods. Neither one moves. Judge Gardner enters cautiously
               from the dining room - breaking the spell.
               Nikki nods goodbye to Willy, and goes out quickly without
               meeting her father's eye. Awkward pause.WILLYI've got some work to do.
                            I need to call a cab.
               Gardner nods respectfully, but doesn't move quite yet.
               Studying the torn-up young man.GARDNERYou know what nobody understands about
                            certain kinds of underpaid public
                            service work? Now and then you get to
                            put a fucking stake in a bad guy's
                            heart. We're not supposed to talk
                            about that when we visit a third-grade
                            class on Career Day, and it doesn't
                            get you very far into the country-club
                            locker room - but it's hard to beat
                            when you actually get to do it.74Willy looks at the kindly old judge, a little surprised.
               Gardner shrugs: my two cents.      He goes to a side-table, finds
               the Yellow Pages.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHTEmpty.   Dark.   Willy lets himself in.
               He looks for the light-switch - finds only a complex
               computerized dimmer-panel. He tries it.
               Accent lights come on, buried in the living room planters.
               He can't get any other pre-sets to work.
               The crime scene is creepy, lit like that. The dried blood is
               black. Shadows stretch up the walls, strange.
               Willy grimaces, moves through it - sees another panel by the
               French doors to the garden. Goes over -
               - and jumps back, startled -WILLYShit!
               - by Nunally, on the other side of the glass.
               Catching his breath, Willy stares. He unlocks the French
               doors and Nunally steps in, uneasy, haggard.WILLYThe hell are you doing here?
               Nunally looks around - taking a pint bottle from his overcoat
               pocket, uncapping it.NUNALLYWe need to talk.
               He drinks, then offers the bottle.     Willy hesitates, takes
               it. As he drinks:NUNALLYWe have to find the gun.
               Willy winces at the liquor and the remark, hands back the
               bottle.WILLYThank you, Professor Einstein. It
                            would also be good to find a couple of(MORE)75WILLY (cont'd)
                           eyewitnesses. If one could be the
                           Dalai Lama, it would be even better.NUNALLYNo - Willy: we need to find the gun.WILLYI've had three different teams here -NUNALLYHe didn't leave between the shooting
                              and when we took him out in cuffs.
                              The gun is here.
                                     (beat)
                              So we have to find it.WILLYWell - we can't! You want to move on?
               Nunally tosses something from an inside pocket of the coat -
               - Willy catches it.       A Heckler & Koch nine-millimeter in a
               plastic bag.
               Willy stares down at it. Then at Nunally, who holds up: a
               bullet, deformed by impact.NUNALLYThere's a guy in the Evidence Room,
                              owes me a favor. Well - it's not so
                              much a favor as I know stuff about
                              him. He can trade this for the bullet
                              from Jennifer, give us a ballistic
                              match.
               Beat.WILLYIt's a crime.NUNALLYSo who's gonna get away with a crime -
                              this asshole, or us?
               Willy sighs.    Tosses the gun back.WILLYGo home.NUNALLYWhat else have you got?!WILLYI'll find a way.76Beat.NUNALLYNo you won't.
               Willy watches Nunally stalk out through the big, strangely-
               lit room. The front door opens, and slams.
               A little worried, Willy takes a deep breath.       Gets to work.
               He still has three days to break this open.
               Walking through the crime again.
               Playing it out in his mind. Standing in different places,
               getting different perspectives.
               Willy stands in the alcove.    Looking around.
               There's something here.     But he can't get it.
               His eye falls on the Rube Goldberg device.       Moves closer,
               peering into the mechanism.
               Turns away: no gun. But now he's facing the big wooden bowl
               of ball-bearings, sitting out in the middle of the room on
               the coffee table.
               Hide in plain sight.
               He walks over - pushes his fingers in, feels around.
               Nope. He sighs. Takes a ball-bearing, rolls it in his hand.
               Goes to the device - drops the ball in the slot.
               The machine is amazing. The ball rolls and leaps and
               clatters - lights flash, elevators rise and fall, at one
               point the ball lifts on a jet of compressed air - then it
               spirals out of sight and reappears somewhere unexpected -
               - until at the end the ball suddenly catapults out and sails
               across the living room -
               - to land neatly back in the bowl on the coffee table.
               Willy grimaces.   This guy is really good.INT. MARCHAND'S OFFICE - S.I.D. - SUNDAY AFTERNOONA mess of courtroom exhibits, copies of evidence, lists,
               depositions, photos, diagrams, take-out food containers and
               coffee cups.77Marchand surveys it.    The bleary end of a long day - sifting
               clues, dead-ends.MARCHANDWilly.     There's nothing here.
               Willy has barely slept all weekend. He shakes his head,
               reviewing the hotel surveillance tapes on a VCR/TV, stubborn.WILLYGuns don't just walk out of crime
                           scenes.
               Marchand waves copies of Crawford's evidence - stills printed
               from home-video Dick took at a hostage negotiation: Nunally
               doing his job, his methods, his routine.MARCHANDTwo months before he shot his wife,
                           this guy had his investigator watching
                           the cop at work. He knew exactly how
                           it would go down - and he didn't leave
                           any loose ends.WILLYThen what is this:
               Willy uses the remote. On the TV, in black-and-white:
               Jennifer and Nunally come out of their room and head for the
               pool - indistinct figures zip jerkily in and out of rooms on
               fast-forward -
               - until he slows it: Crawford comes to let himself in.WILLYHotel surveillance.     From that day.
                           He was there. Why?
               Marchand watches over Willy's shoulder.    Shrugs.MARCHANDHad to see it for himself.WILLYSee what?     They were out at the pool.MARCHANDThe unmade bed. Her panties. Man's
                           gonna shoot his wife in the head, he
                           needs to get himself all worked up.
               Willy stares at the grainy black-and-white figure emerging
               from the room, walking away down the corridor. Unconvinced:78WILLYYeah.     Worked up.
               Marchand gets his jacket, pulls it on.MARCHANDWilly, go home. Tomorrow you go back
                           into court and take your lumps - then
                           you start your cushy new life, and you
                           forget all about this one.
                                  (Hoping to get a smile:)
                           And then you can lend me money and
                           shit.
               Willy says nothing.    Runs the tape back and then slow-motions
               it forward again.
               Marchand goes out.    Leaving Willy alone, watching Crawford.DISSOLVE TO:INT. WILLY'S APARTMENT - VERY LATE THAT NIGHTWilly stands over crime scene photos and diagrams spread out
               on his narrow futon. "Walking the scene" again, on paper.
               The whole apartment is an array of law books, notes,
               exhibits, marked-up depositions.
               He's staring at evidence he's already stared at a hundred
               times.
               He grinds the palms of his hands into his eye sockets, a dull
               moan rising into a yell -
               - as he sweeps everything off his bed in a storm of paper -
               throwing books - tearing up printouts - pulling out drawers,
               emptying them, smashing them on the desk -
               - yelling in a frenzy until his throat is hoarse, his shabby
               garage apartment is trashed, and he's sitting, exhausted, in
               his chair.
               There's a knock on the door.
               Willy frowns, checking the clock: it's two-thirty a.m.   He
               goes to open it -
               - revealing Nunally, standing in the darkness, a haunted
               shadow of the boyish confident cop we met making love to
               Jennifer Crawford.79NUNALLYIt's done. In the tool shed: taped to
                           the blade, inside the lawn-mower.
               Before Willy can say anything - Nunally walks away.
               Willy doesn't move.   Watching the tormented cop disappear
               down the alley.INT. DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE - BULLPEN - THE NEXT MORNINGWilly - in a clean suit and crisp suit, carrying his
               briefcase - hurries through, paying no attention to the
               SECRETARIES and OTHER D.D.A.s who watch like he's on his way
               to his own execution.
               At his office door, he gestures for Mona to come in with him.
               Surprised, she gets up - taking with her an envelope with a
               messenger-receipt taped to the front.INT. WILLY'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUSMona watches Willy shut the door behind her.MONAYou okay?WILLYYeah.  Maybe.
                                  (Hesitates)
                           Can I ask you to do something for me
                           this morning?MONASure.WILLYWrite down your cell number.
                                  (As she does)
                           Once my trial is in session, wait
                           outside. I might call - and just hang
                           up. If I do, I want you to come into
                           court and whisper to me that we got a
                           tip about the murder weapon.MONAYou found it?
               Beat.80WILLYI haven't decided yet.
               Mona studies Willy - then accepts it's don't-ask-don't-tell,
               hands him her number. Willy nods, grateful.
               Turning for the door, she remembers the envelope in her hand.MONAOh: this came for you.
               He takes it, and as she leaves, checks the return address:
               Wooton Sims.
               Willy grimaces, opens it. Inside are an airline ticket to
               Chicago - first class - and a handwritten note, on Wooton
               Sims stationery:
                             We only win the favor of the Gods
                                   by making a sacrifice
                                      See you tomorrow
                                           - Nikki
               He stands in his empty office, considering the ticket and the
               note.INT. COURTHOUSE - CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUSWilly steps off the elevator, into a crowd of REPORTERS AND
               SPECTATORS outside the courtroom.
               He's startled for a moment: it's worse than he expected - the
               dense buzz of talk in the marble corridor and all the eyes
               tracking him like he's walking into an arena - a freakshow
               performer -
               - but he doesn't slow, ignoring the comments and questions,
               avoiding eye contact -
               - until he sees Nunally by the courtroom doors, his eyes
               fixed on Willy.
               Willy meets Nunally's gaze...moving on, giving back nothing.
               Nunally watches Willy disappear into the courtroom, stares at
               the closing doors - uncertain, on edge. Lost, no matter
               which way this goes.81INT. COURTROOM - SOON AFTERMr. Gifford, the Crawford's neighbor, is on the stand.   Willy
               questions him, standing by the Prosecution Table.
               Behind him, the court is standing-room-only. REPORTERS,
               SKETCH ARTISTS, SPECTATORS. Nunally, sitting near the front.
               Lobruto, standing at the back.
               Crawford writes intently on a legal pad, filling pages with
               dense scribble.WILLYSo - between the time you heard the
                           first gunshot and called 911, and the
                           time of Mr. Crawford's arrest - you
                           had the Crawford house in view?GIFFORDYes. I was very concerned about
                           Jennifer. She was a lovely woman.WILLYNo one but Thomas Crawford came in or
                           out?GIFFORDThat's correct.WILLYThank you, Mr. Gifford.    No further
                           questions.JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Crawford?
               Crawford glances up at the Judge. Then at Gifford, as if
               he's just noticed him up there. Beat. Without getting up:CRAWFORDDid you see the guy run out the back
                           door?GIFFORDWhat..."guy"?CRAWFORDThe other guy. The one who shot my
                           wife. Did you see him run out the
                           back of the house, carrying the gun?
               Willy closes his eyes.   Gifford grimaces.82GIFFORDI couldn't see the back of the house.
                                  (Trying to salvage it:)
                           I believe...the police went around
                           back when they arrived.CRAWFORDNo further questions.
               Willy immediately stands:WILLYRe-direct, your honor.
               But Crawford is standing too - with his handful of pages:CRAWFORDI've also written a motion to dismiss.WILLYObjection - I'm on re-direct!
               The Judge hesitates.   Both men standing.JUDGE ROBINSONOn what grounds, Mr. Crawford?CRAWFORDThe prosecutor doesn't have any actual
                           evidence.WILLYI'm in the middle of presenting -CRAWFORDAll of his witnesses are going to
                           testify to the same facts: that my
                           wife was shot and that I was,
                           tragically, in the house at the time
                           ...a witness - and, in a way, a victim
                           myself. I'll stipulate to Mr.
                           Slocum's entire witness list right
                           now, a request a directed verdict or
                           dismissal, per California versus
                           Collier, 1982, and the Appellate court
                           decision, v. Watrus, 486.19.
               Willy stares at Crawford, stunned. As the Judge reluctantly
               nods to the Bailiff to collect Crawford's pages and opens a
               law book:83JUDGEYour legal skills seem to have
                           improved over the long weekend, Mr.
                           Crawford.
               While the Judge checks the citations, Crawford glances at
               Willy. Amused.
               Beat. Willy looks down - reaches into his briefcase, moves
               his cell-phone out from under some papers. To where he can
               get it easily.
               Looks back up at Crawford.   Smiles slightly.JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Slocum?
               Willy and Crawford turn to the Judge.JUDGE ROBINSONHave you got any new evidence?
               Beat.WILLYMay I have a moment, your honor?
               The Judge nods.
               Willy nods down. Trying to focus. He's got nothing, and
               everyone in the room knows it. He can hear it, he can feel
               it. There's a restless, hungry edge to the crowded
               courtroom.
               He stares into his open briefcase: the cell phone.
               Next to it: the first class ticket and Nikki's note.
               Willy glances back at the gallery. Nunally's eyes burn into
               him. In the back: Lobruto frowns, concerned.JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Slocum?
               Willy turns back to his briefcase.     He breathes.   Press the
               MENU button - selects SPEED DIAL.
               On the tiny screen, a list of names.    Selected: MONA/CELL.84INT. COURTHOUSE - CORRIDOR - THE SAME TIMEMona sits on a bench, a few steps down the corridor from the
               courtroom doors. Cell phone in her hand.INT. COURTROOM - CONTINUOUSWilly stands at the Prosecution Table.       Hearing his own
               pulse.
               Crawford studies Willy, curious.CRAWFORDYour honor? Can we signal the
                           prosecutor from here on planet Earth?
               Willy's fingertip hovers over the cell phone keypad.       Press,
               and a path is chosen. Possibly for life.
               Next to the cell-phone, the ticket and the note.       See you
               tomorrow.
               Nunally sits forward.    Lobruto is watching intently.
               Willy doesn't move.JUDGE ROBINSONMr. Slocum?     Now or never.
               Willy won't look up.
               Nunally stares, agonized.
               Willy grimaces slightly, as if he feels his soul burning up,
               turning to ash and blowing away -
               - nods, closing the cell phone, sliding it under Nikki's
               note. Shuts the briefcase. Looks at the Judge.WILLYI have no further evidence at this
                           time, your honor.
               Crawford begins to smile.
               Lobruto looks down.    A buzz rises in the gallery -
               - as Nunally gets up, furious - stalks to the doors, slams
               out.85Judge Robinson looks at Willy a moment - then at Crawford,
               who has been waiting, calm and polite. Very reluctantly:JUDGE ROBINSONMotion to dismiss is granted.
               Uproar.   The Judge bangs his gavel -JUDGE ROBINSONOrder! The jury is released, with our
                            apologies -
               - practically shouting over the chaos - REPORTERS hastily
               heading for the doors, pulling out cell phones -JUDGE ROBINSON- and the Defendant is free to go.
               Crawford gives the Judge a gentlemanly bow of the head.
               Willy begins to pack his papers into the briefcase.   Refusing
               to look up.
               The Judge and the Bailiff might be saying other things, but
               no one is listening - SPECTATORS swarm up the aisles, out to
               the hallway - and the Court starts to close down.
               Crawford comes over to Willy, holds out a hand.
               Willy looks him in the eye.   Doesn't move.   Crawford shrugs.CRAWFORDEven a broken clock gets to be right
                            twice a day.
               He winks, and heads up the aisle.
               As Willy watches Crawford go out the doors into a clamor of
               lenses, hand-held mikes, white-hot halogen glare and flashes -
               - he hears a buzzing noise. Looks down at his briefcase,
               moves the papers aside: his cell phone is vibrating.
               Willy stares at it, as if he'd forgotten the thing could be
               used for an incoming call.
               The caller ID reads: WOOTON SIMS.   He picks up -INTERCUT WITH:86INT. WOOTON SIMS - NIKKI'S OFFICE - THE SAME TIMENikki sits at her beautiful desk with stellar views out the
               windows behind her.NIKKIHey, you.WILLY(It's an effort)
                              Hey.NIKKIWhat did you think - I wasn't keeping
                              tabs?WILLYI don't know what I thought.
               Awkward silence.      She tries to get past it:NIKKIListen: what do you say I take you out
                              tonight and get you completely
                              trashed? Tomorrow's just a travel da-
               - there's a gun shot outside the courtroom.
               Willy turns.    Shocked.    Screams and shouting in the corridor.WILLYHang on -
               We move with Willy as he shuts the phone and heads for the
               doors - faster, pushing out -INT. COURTHOUSE - CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS- into the echoing chaos of the corridor - trying to move in
               the crowd -
               - shoving through to where people are yelling and clustered
               around a figure lying on the floor.
               Willy pushes closer, until he catches glimpses of:
               Nunally.   Lying on the marble floor. His gun in his lifeless
               fingers.   Blood all over, from his head.
               Willy stops pushing. Won't let himself look away - the
               screams and commotion around him retreating into a numb blur.87Then suddenly Willy looks up - as if he's been called -
               - to find Crawford, standing very still, in the crowd, on the
               other side of the body. Everyone else is moving, talking,
               gawking at the body or averting their eyes -
               - except Crawford.   He's looking straight at Willy.
               Pleased.   Triumphant.
               Willy stares into Crawford's eyes.INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - LATE THAT NIGHTThe life support system clicks and hisses and beeps.
               Jennifer is curled into a fetal position, despite the tubes
               and wires.
               Willy sits by her bed. Still in his suit from court, the
               jacket off, the tie loose.
               He's been there a while.   But now he speaks.WILLYYour husband said something...that I
                            can't seem to shake loose of. He said
                            I'm a winner.
                                    (Beat)
                            And he's right. I can't lose. I
                            can't stand people who lose.
                                    (Beat)
                            I may have been working so hard to put
                            some distance between me and...people
                            like you - that maybe I messed up. I
                            don't know if did anything wrong.
                            Or what I should have done. I really
                            don't know, any more...what I'm
                            supposed to do.
                                    (Beat)
                            But I feel like I let you down.
                            Somehow in the...process. And if I
                            did, I'm sorry. That's all. I just -
                            I hope you...have...just, some...
                                    (Beat)
                            Anyway.
               He feels stupid. Takes a breath.     Looking at her pale,
               drawn, comatose face.
               He stands, goes to get his jacket, lying folded on a table by
               the door. Pulls it on, settles the shoulders, tugs at his
               cuffs. Gets his briefcase.88He goes to the door, and as he opens it - he looks back.
               Freezes.
               Jennifer's eyes are wide open.
               She's staring at him.   Willy stands, breathless, watching
               her.INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR - LATERSliding glass doors suck open, Willy walks with the Resident
               from the other night:WILLYShe was looking at me.RESIDENTYeah, I understand -WILLYNo, she was looking at me.CLOSE UP - JENNIFER'S EYEBALLA beam of light slides across it.INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUSThe Resident tucks his flashlight in a pocket, draws a pin
               from his lapel. Gently sticks Jennifer's cheek. Willy
               winces, watching.WILLYShe's reacting.
               The Resident ignores him. Pricks her forehead - her chin -
               her big toe. Each time she twitches. He runs his thumb
               along the sole of Jennifer's bare foot. It arches up.WILLYYou see?RESIDENTThe normal reflex goes downward.   Up
                           indicates brain trauma.WILLYShe's in there. She was looking at
                           me.89The Resident sighs.   Sympathetic, but plain:RESIDENTSometimes we have to tape their eyes
                           shut. They all move - they make
                           sounds, they twitch. You think
                           they're dreaming. But they're not.
                           It's just what's left of the system,
                           sending broken signals.WILLYCan we do other tests? Like an M.R.I.
                           or something? And I want a coma
                           specialist to see her.RESIDENTYou're not authorized to order tes-WILLYI'll get you authorization.      First
                           thing tomorrow.
               The Resident studies Willy.   Reluctantly:RESIDENTYou get the paperwork, I'll do what I
                           can.
               Willy nods, grateful. As the Resident heads out, Willy sits
               by Jennifer's bed - protective, intent.INT. HOSPITAL - LOBBY - THE NEXT MORNINGCrawford comes in through the lobby: rested, well-dressed.   A
               free man. He slows, surprised -
               - seeing Willy come off the elevators. Willy hasn't left
               Jennifer's bedside. He's in the same suit and carrying his
               briefcase from the courthouse.CRAWFORDMr. Slocum.WILLYJust...visiting.CRAWFORDThis isn't like you at all.WILLYNo?90CRAWFORDYou haven't got anything to gain.WILLYOh - right. That's my weak spot.
                                    (Beat)
                             Ever think about what yours might be?
                             Your flaw?CRAWFORDOf course I have.
                                    (Leans in)
                             The truth about me is, Willy...I'm
                             really not very nice.
               Willy nods.    Concealing the ace up his sleeve.WILLYYou sure do know a lot, though. Got
                             everybody all figured out, everything
                             set up, like one of your contraptions.
                             Then you just sit back and watch it
                             all fall right where you want it to.
                             Must be kind of...boring. At that
                             point.CRAWFORDNot an ounce of sympathy, Willy?
                                    (Beat)
                             Imagine it - imagine she was yours.
                             And you knew you were losing her.
                                    (beat)
                             Imagine days. Weeks. Going through
                             her desk. Her purse. Her closet.
                             Alone. Staring at her clothes. Her
                             shoes. Knowing this is what it will
                             be like. After.
                                    (beat)
                             Do you have any idea how hard it was
                             to go on living - with her - every
                             day, knowing?WILLYBut you had to, right? You needed
                             time to set it all up...your "crime of
                             passion."CRAWFORDThere are many kinds of passion,
                             Willy.91WILLYYeah.  There are.
                                   (Beat)
                            So - thank you.
               Crawford frowns.     Starting to feel wary.   Willy sees it.
               Enjoys it.WILLYFor sharing your wisdom. All your
                            little helpful bits of information.
                                   (Beat)
                            You were right.CRAWFORDAbout...?WILLYTalking to her.
               Beat.   Willy winks.    He goes past Crawford and out the doors.
               Crawford doesn't move - except to turn and watch Willy.
               Uncertain, for the first time since we've met him.INT. WOOTON SIMS - RECEPTION - LATER THAT MORNINGWilly - still unshaved, unslept, in yesterday's suit - comes
               off the elevator, fishing out ID as he passes a RECEPTIONIST:WILLYHi, I'm just -
               - going directly to the key-card slot by the glass double-
               doors to the rest of the floor. He swipes his card and pulls
               the handle -
               - but it stays locked.     Willy swipes his card again.   No go.WILLYExcuse me - I'm new, I just started -
                            and there's something wrong with my
                            card. Can you buzz me in?RECEPTIONISTWho are you here to see?WILLYI work here.    Willy Slocum.    I'm new -
               He stops, realizing how he must look.92WILLYNikki Gardner. Willy Slocum, for
                           Nikki Gardner.
               As he calls in, Willy sees Nikki through the doors - one of
               a half-dozen ASSOCIATES trailing in the wake of BOB WOOTON.
               They all carry expensive business luggage, except Wooton -
               who is powerful, perfectly groomed, and two decades older.WILLYWait a second - never mind, here she
                           is, thank you.
               Willy goes toward the glass doors as Wooton comes through -
               nodding deferentially to the boss, semi-apologetic:WILLYHey...Bob -
                                  (To Nikki)
                           Can I talk to you for a second?
               Wooton glances back at Nikki, eyes saying: don't take long.
               She nods as Wooton and the team continue to the elevators -
               staying back by the glass doors to talk with Willy:WILLYYou let him know what happened last
                           night?NIKKII told him.WILLYGreat - who do I work with on it while
                           you're gone?NIKKIYou don't work with anyone.WILLYNikki: the man has power-of-attorney
                           and a health-care proxy, he can
                           disconnect her life-support whenever
                           he wants. If we don't move fast -
               Nikki explodes - but quietly, not wanting the team to hear:NIKKIJesus, Willy, wake up! It's over!
                           What is wrong with you - it's first
                           year law: that woman could fully
                           recover and swear he shot her and it(MORE)93NIKKI (cont'd)
                          wouldn't matter. Double jeopardy!
                          You can't take him back into court!WILLYI told you - we bring a civil suit -NIKKIYou've got no standing.WILLYIt doesn't have to stick: we just need
                           to get a court order for now - to keep
                           Crawford from pulling the plug! With
                           all the brain-power here, I'm sure
                           somebody can come up with a pretext or
                           call in a favor. Then we can tie this
                           up in court while we arrange a state-
                           appointed conservatorship - so we can
                           protect her while we fight him on -NIKKIWhat's the point, Willy?WILLYThe point?!
               Willy stares. Because she's drawn a line in the sand. One
               he already crossed, without truly understanding...and now
               he's standing out there alone - feeling the sand slither away
               under his feet.WILLYThis man is going to kill his wife.NIKKIYeah.
                                  (Beat)
                           What does that have to do with Wooton
                           Sims?
               Willy just breathes.   Vulnerable like we have never seen him
               before.
               He looks across the big reception area, at Wooton and the
               team of associates. Some look away.NIKKII warned you.WILLYNo, this is insane.NIKKIIt's what it is.94Ding!   The elevator.    Nikki grimaces, frustrated - and sad:NIKKII warned you.
               She starts for the elevators, Willy following -WILLYYou're not really just gonna let this
                            happen, are you?!NIKKIOh I'm supposed to lose my job over
                            your problems?!WILLYMy problems?! Wait a second - this is
                            not about my anything any more -
               Willy grabs Nikki's arm to stop her, turn her around - and
               she shoves him away, hard, tears welling in her eyes -
               - Willy letting her go - as the Receptionist quietly calls
               for help -
               - and Nikki hurries into the waiting elevator.     The Associate
               holding the doors lets them go.WILLYThis is about taking a couple of
                            goddamn weeks off to try and save a
                            woman's life!
               The doors begin to close. Willy stands facing the cluster of
               lawyers in expensive suits, their expressions ranging from
               pity to contempt -
               - except Nikki, whose eyes are full of shame and guilt and
               defensive anger.
               As the doors shut across them.
               Willy doesn't move.     Confused, humiliated, frustrated.
               He turns when a bunch of OTHER LAWYERS emerge from the
               offices, ready to act as bouncers. People gawk from behind
               the glass doors.
               Beat.   Willy holds up his palms.WILLYDon't bother.     I got it.95He bangs open the paddle-sign on the stairway door, setting
               off the fire alarms as he stalks out.INT. WOOTON SIMS - BUILDING STAIRWAY - SOON AFTERWilly runs down the stairs furiously -
               - the clanging alarm, several floors above now, a little
               fainter.
               He suddenly stops - clinging to the railing, bent over.    He
               sways, dizzy, gasping -
               - backs up until he's against the concrete wall. Presses
               himself against. Listening to his own ragged breathing.
               Scared out of his mind.INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DUSKCrawford stands by the bed, glancing over a set of forms on a
               metal clipboard.
               DR. LUNT, a senior neurologist, and a HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATOR
               wait. The machines hiss and click, keeping Jennifer alive.
               Crawford signs the forms, expressionless.EXT. COURTHOUSE - THE SAME TIMEWilly's walking alongside Judge Robinson, as they leave the
               building. The Judge is wearing his "civilian clothes."JUDGE ROBINSONWhat do the doctors say?WILLYPeople wake up out of these things.JUDGE ROBINSONWhat did the doctors say, Mr. Slocum?WILLYThey said...there's no way to really
                           know. I'm trying to get them to run
                           more tests - but I was there, and I'm
                           telling you.96JUDGE ROBINSONI'm sorry. I have no probable cause
                           to issue a court order against Mr.
                           Crawford - and he's protected agai-WILLYWHAT ABOUT HIS WIFE?!   WHAT'SPROTECTING HER?!The Judge stops - giving Willy a hard eye: I'm sympathetic,
               but yelling at me is not a smart approach.
               Willy looks at the Judge a second - hapless, frustrated,
               scared - then nods and shakes his head and turns away -
               hurrying off through the homeward-bound crowds.
               The Judge watches him go.   Grimaces.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - KITCHEN - THAT EVENINGCrawford is carefully preparing an elegant, solitary meal.
               Music plays on his state-of-the-art sound system.
               He stops, noticing a pair of Jennifer's reading glasses,
               folded up by a note-pad and pen next to the telephone. He
               picks them up. Stylish, feminine.
               He goes to the trash, steps on the pedal to flip open the
               lid, and drops the glasses in.
               Goes back to cooking.INT. LOBRUTO HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHTLobruto - at the dinner table with his family - looks up,
               surprised, as the doorbell rings. He excuses himself -
               - goes to open the door. Willy's outside: apologetic but
               urgent, near the end of his rope.WILLYI'm sorry - but nobody else seems to
                           give a damn that sooner or later this
                           guy is gonna finish what he started.
               Beat.LOBRUTOHave you been home at all today,
                           Willy?97Willy looks down at himself: he's unshaven, in the same
               rumpled clothes he wore to court yesterday. Exasperated:WILLYNo - I've been trying to get some-LOBRUTOThere's a court order out against you.WILLYWhat?LOBRUTOA restraining order.
                                  (Beat)
                           You were at the hospital?       Talking to
                           her doctors?
               Willy nods. Lobruto looks out at the confused, frantic young
               man - truly sorry that he can't help Willy fight his way back
               toward doing some good in this mess.LOBRUTOCrawford hired a lawyer this time.
                           They saw Judge Gorman this afternoon.WILLYAgainst me.LOBRUTOYou need to stay away from him, and
                           his wife, and the hospital. He can
                           have you arrested if you don't.
                                  (Beat)
                           I'm sorry.
                                  (beat)
                           I can't help you. I told you how it
                           would go.
               Willy stares a second, slowly understanding his situation.WILLYCan you do anything for her?
               Beat.LOBRUTOI don't see how.
               Willy grimaces.   But nods.   Turns away.98EXT. LOBRUTO HOUSE - CONTINUOUSWe move with Willy out to the quiet street. The windows of
               the houses he passes seem warm and safe - and very far away.
               Behind him, Lobruto watches from his lighted doorway.
               Willy walks, shaken, determined, into the night.INT. HOSPITAL - I.C.U. - THE NEXT MORNINGA NURSE checks Jennifer Crawford's vital signs. She then
               begins to gently wash Jennifer's face, where it's not taped
               or bandaged.
               The monitor beeps, the ventilator hisses.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - THE SAME TIMECrawford knots his necktie, studying himself in the mirror.
               Expressionless.EXT. GARDNER HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - SOON AFTERJudge Gardner pulls his car out to the street -
               - swerving hastily, as Willy's car skids alongside and forces
               him to the curb, horn honking.
               Willy pulls to a stop, blocking Gardner's way, and gets out
               of the car - holding up both palms: just wait.INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR - LATER THAT MORNINGDr. Lunt takes a chart from the I.C.U. Nurses' Station.DR. LUNTHas Mrs. Crawford been prepared?INT. CRAWFORD'S CAR - SOON AFTERCrawford drives, wearing a dark suit, sunglasses.   Calm.99INT. JUDGE GARDNER'S CHAMBERS - SAME TIMEWilly watches GARDNER'S SECRETARY bring in a document, fresh
               off the laser-printer. As Gardner signs:WILLYCan I use your fax machine?GARDNERThese have to be served in person.INT. PARKING STRUCTURE - DOWNTOWN L.A. - CONTINUOUSWilly brakes as he drives around a corner and sees a DRIVER
               wrangling with the BOOTH GUY. He grimaces, looks around -
               - backs up, tires squealing, heading for another exit.INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUSDr. Lunt stands by Jennifer's bed, supervising the Nurse and
               an Orderly as they prepare her.INT. HOSPITAL - LOBBY - CONTINUOUSCrawford walks in, goes toward the elevators.INT. WILLY'S CAR - INTERSECTION - CONTINUOUSHe floors it, racing under a light going red - narrowly
               misses getting broad-sided.INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUSDr. Lunt looks up from making notes on Jennifer's chart, as
               Crawford enters the room.EXT. EMERGENCY ROOM ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUSWilly pulls into a NO PARKING zone and jumps out, papers in
               hand - tossing the keys to an ORDERLY smoking a cigarette -WILLYMove it if you need to!
               - running through the automatic doors.100INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUSStanding beside Dr. Lunt, Crawford watches, expressionless -
               - as the Nurse and the Orderly work, efficient and silent,
               disconnecting the oxygen tubes, unplugging the monitor -INT. HOSPITAL LOBBY - SOON AFTERWilly dodges people, coming to the elevators - which open.
               Too crowded.INT. HOSPITAL STAIRWAY - SOON AFTERWilly gasps a little as he hurries up the stairs -INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR - SOON AFTER- comes out of the fire stairs, hurrying toward I.C.U. -INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - CONTINUOUS- and into Jennifer's room, where he stops.     Shocked.
               The bed is being stripped, the equipment rolled out.
               Willy stares, breathless, overwhelmed.NURSEYou just missed her.WILLYWhat?NURSEShe just went on up.
               Willy struggles to control his emotions.     Looks down.WILLYHow long ago...did she die?NURSEWhat?
                                  (Beat)
                           The roof.
                                  (Beat)(MORE)101NURSE (cont'd)
                           Medevac transfer. Out to a long-term
                           care facility up in Santa Barbara.
                           They just left, you can probably still
                           catch 'em.
               Willy tries to understand her.   With growing horror.WILLYHe's - moving her by helicopter?NURSENothing but the best.
               We hear the surge of a jet engine -
               - as Willy runs out of the room.EXT. HOSPITAL ROOF - HELIPAD - LATERA Sikorsky S-76 Medevac chopper is preparing to take off,
               very loud and windy.
               Through the open doorway and the thick windows, we can
               glimpse Crawford sitting beside Jennifer, who is strapped on
               to a gurney. She's connected to life-support equipment.
               The MED TECH is outside, checking a few last supplies and
               giving Crawford a moment alone with his wife.
               Crawford moves. He may be whispering to her.    Or adjusting
               her pillow. Hard to tell.
               As he climbs out of the chopper -
               - he sees Willy across the roof, arguing with Dr. Lunt, who
               is skimming the court documents, shaking his head.
               Crawford, curious, walks toward the two men.EXT. HOSPITAL ROOF HELIPAD - WILLY - THE SAME TIMEDr. Lunt hands Crawford the court order. As Crawford reads
               them, Lunt and Willy shout over the helicopter engine:DR. LUNTThis orders him not to take her off
                           life support! He's not! We can't
                           stop the man from -WILLYThen just hold it - for a couple of
                           hours! Have it inspected!102DR. LUNTYou're talking about a phenomenally
                           expensive delay, Mr. Slocum - when the
                           man has every right to move his wife!WILLYShe's not gonna get there!
               He looks at Crawford: reading - amused, thoughtful.WILLYThis man is a mechanical engineer with
                           expertise in air crashes! He has
                           access to airfields and he knows
                           exactly how to make it look like an
                           accident! You know what he did! You
                           know why she's like this!
               Lunt hesitates, feeling a tiny edge of doubt.
               Crawford checks his watch.   Looks into Willy's eyes -
               - then gestures for Willy to join him, and turns back to walk
               across the pad to the helicopter. Climbs in.
               Willy stares, stunned.
               Lunt looks at him: case closed. The rotors whirl faster,
               engine noise rising to a scream.
               From the open chopper doorway, Crawford looks at Willy again
               and gestures for him to get on.
               Willy doesn't know how to react.   Slowly, he starts to walk
               toward the helicopter.INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUSWilly bends, coming to the door - wind-whipped, flinching.
               Crawford holds out a hand to help him in.
               Willy doesn't move.   The PILOT glances back.
               Crawford's eyes are locked with Willy's.
               Willy stares at Crawford, scared. But unable to back down
               from the crude, plain challenge. Which Crawford is clearly
               counting on.
               Angry, at himself, Willy climbs in without taking Crawford's
               hand. As he nervously figures out how to buckle himself in -103- the Med Tech secures the door, the Pilot turns to face
               front - and they lift off.EXT. ABOVE LOS ANGELES - SOON AFTERLooking directly down at the Sikorsky as it glides over a
               picturesque mapscape of streets and freeways, gray and terra-
               cotta rooftops, blue kidneys and rectangles of pool.INT. HELICOPTER - SAME TIMEWilly watches Crawford, who stares back at him.       Calm.
               Glances uneasily at the Pilot, bug-headed in sun-goggles and
               headphones. Flying them, calm.
               The Med Tech, adjusting Jennifer's portable ventilator.
               Calm.EXT. ABOVE LOS ANGELES - SOON AFTERThe Sikorsky glides over cross-hatched parking lots, a pale
               swath of beach -
               - and the white foaming edge of the Pacific.INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUSWilly looks up from the view.       Scared.   Yells to the Pilot.WILLYWhy are we going out over the ocean?PILOTLess traffic.
               Willy looks at Crawford.EXT. ABOVE THE OCEAN - SOON AFTERDeep dark vast blue.   The Sikorsky flies over.      Small.INT. HELICOPTER - SOON AFTERWilly stares into Crawford's eyes.104Then he looks around at the vibrating metal box carrying him
               hundreds of feet above the earth. The sunlight glare in the
               scratched windows. The blur of the rotors against the empty
               sky. The edges of the door frame. The rivets in the roof.
               Crawford's eyes.   Amused.
               Willy unbuckles his seat-belt, lurches toward the Pilot -WILLYWe have to turn back!PILOTGet in your seat!WILLYHe's doing something - we have to turn
                           back!PILOTWho's doing something?
               Willy points to Crawford, who's just sitting there -WILLYHe is!   You have to get us DOWN!PILOTGet back in your goddamn seat!CRAWFORDWilly, I'm not doing anything.
                           Everyone can see that.WILLYI'm TELLING you, we have to TURN BACK!
                           He's DOING SOMETH-
               An alarm begins to shriek - on the ventilator.
               Everyone turns as the Med Tech hastily kneels next to it -WILLYWhat's happening?!MED TECHI don't know - I'm - there's a -
                           malfunction -
               - Willy whips around to look at Crawford, with fury in his
               glare: oh, you bastard.
               Crawford almost smiles.105The Med Tech is flipping switches, checking wires -MED TECHI can't do anything with this, up
                           here.
               The Pilot turns - steeply, Willy falling over, the Med Tech's
               supplies spilling - as the Med Tech hastily removes
               Jennifer's breathing tube and prepares to begin C.P.R. -CRAWFORDShe's D.N.R.
               The Med Tech looks up - startled.     Confused.WILLYWhat is it?CRAWFORDCheck.
               Willy watches, wide-eyed, as the Med Tech grabs up his
               paperwork, searching it -WILLYWhat?
               The Med Tech looks up at Willy, scared.MED TECHShe's Do Not Resuscitate.
               Willy turns on Crawford.   He shrugs.CRAWFORDIt's in her living will.
               The Med Tech looks at Willy, paralyzed.MED TECHShe's D.N.R.    She signed it.WILLYThere's a restraining order - she's
                           protected - I'm authorizing you to do
                           it!
               The Med Tech turns to Crawford, uncertain -CRAWFORDNo extraordinary measures.
                                  (Turns to Willy)
                           Unless your court order specifies(MORE)106CRAWFORD (cont'd)
                           contravening her living will. But I
                           don't think it would. I think you got
                           one that forbids me from disconn-
               Willy throws himself at Crawford - attacking him, as the Med
               Tech grabs him, drags him back -PILOTWHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON BACK THERE?!- the Med Tech holding Willy down on the floor by Jennifer's
               stretcher - Willy struggles furiously -WILLYWait!    WAIT - LOOK!
               Willy is pointing at Jennifer - shocked -
               - as the Med Tech lets him up and they kneel by her, the Med
               Tech taking her pulse - Willy, staring down at her, intent:
               She's breathing.WILLYYes.     Yes.
               Willy whirls around to Crawford.        Who's frowning.WILLYYou messed up. With all your plans
                           and games.
               Willy turns back to Jennifer. Delicately strokes the side of
               her face. Her eyes flutter open -WILLYShhhh.    It's okay.       It's all right.
               - she stares into Willy's eyes. He takes her hand.        Silent
               awe in her eyes. Yearning. Fear.WILLYYou're gonna be okay?
               She squeezes his hand.      Very weakly.
               Crawford is looking daggers: die, bitch.
               Jennifer's eyes - fixed on Willy - roll back.        She fights it.WILLYJennifer?       Hang on.
               Something sad in her wordless gaze.        As it starts to fade.107WILLYJennifer?!     JENNIFER?!
               She's slipping. Her eyes gone empty.        Her hand becoming
               lifeless in his.WILLYNo.     Come on, Jennifer.    Fight back.
               Tears well up in Willy's eyes, but he struggles against them -
               feeling Crawford's gaze, refusing him the satisfaction.WILLYDon't let go.
               But she's gone. He stares down. Mourning her. Letting his
               grief slowly burn into rage. He gently reaches up and closes
               her eyes.
               Then he looks up at Crawford, who smiles sympathetically.CRAWFORDYou pushed it, Willy. We didn't have
                           to be here.
                                  (Beat)
                           But now you're my witness. You saw:
                           I didn't touch anything, I didn't do
                           anything. The machine went down.
                           Anybody asks - you'll have to tell
                           them. What you saw.
                                  (Beat)
                           That's really kind of perfect, isn't
                           it?
               Willy stares into his eyes. Cold.        Then he looks away.    Out
               the window, into the sun-glare.SLOW DISSOLVE TO:INT. WILLY'S APARTMENT - A COUPLE OF DAYS LATERThe garage door is open, letting in daylight. We can see the
               alley especially well, because there are only empty hangers
               on the clothes-bar, and the cinderblock shelves have been
               taken apart, stacked on the floor.
               Willy is packing.    He's wearing jeans, an old t-shirt.
               He carries a heavy pile of legal textbooks out to the trash
               bins, throws them away.108As he turns to go back in - he sees Lobruto coming along the
               alley, wearing a suit. Surprised, waits.LOBRUTOYou're not answering your phone.
               Beat.WILLYThat's kind of an answer in itself,
                           isn't it?
               Willy heads back in, starts to pack again.LOBRUTOWhere are you headed?WILLYHaven't decided yet.    Just someplace
                           else.
               Lobruto nods.   Willy packs.LOBRUTOI shouldn't have let it get so far out
                           of control.
                                  (Beat)
                           We all lose, Willy.WILLYYep.LOBRUTOWe just have to live with that, and
                           keep fighting the good fight.WILLYThat's not what I was doing.LOBRUTOYou belong in a courtroom.
               Willy packs, thinking about that.   Shakes his head.WILLYI need to - get to know myself better.LOBRUTOYou're a good lawyer. All this may
                           have even made you a better lawyer.
                           Don't waste it.
               Willy turns on him - angry, confused, bitter:109WILLYI didn't just lose a case!     I let a
                           man get away with murder.
               Lobruto nods. Respecting his pain.     Shrugs, accepts the
               decision, with regret.
               Willy nods his thanks, and turns back to packing.
               Lobruto starts to leave.    But from the alley door:LOBRUTOIf it makes you feel any better -
                           technically, you let a man get away
                           with attempted murder.
               Willy doesn't respond.    Keeps packing.
               Lobruto goes out.
               After a moment, Willy stops.    Looking up.   Something turning
               over in his mind.EXT. ALLEY - CONTINUOUSLobruto is walking toward his car when Willy steps out of the
               garage and calls after him:WILLYHis wife is dead!
               Lobruto turns.   Uncertain what Willy is getting at.WILLYWe can still get him.    We can take him
                           back to court.LOBRUTO(Gently)
                           Willy...
               Willy comes toward him - excited, insistent:WILLYDouble jeopardy doesn't apply! We
                           bring a new charge - of homicide.LOBRUTOWilly - what happened to you, on the
                           helicopter - we don't even know if we
                           could prove -110WILLYNo: he shot her and she died. The
                           fact that it took time - the fact that
                           he went to trial in between, just for
                           shooting her - doesn't matter. He
                           fired a gun and caused her death, and
                           that's murder.
                                  (Beat)
                           If he can twist the law around - then
                           so can we.
               Lobruto thinks it out.    Wary.LOBRUTOA second indictment on the same
                           incident?WILLYA man burns down a house; we charge
                           him with arson. There were people
                           sleeping upstairs - and after weeks in
                           the hospital, they die. We'd charge
                           him with murder. Right?
               Lobruto nods. On the fence, but seeing it now.         Impressed
               with the young man's fervor, and his logic.
               But he shakes his head.LOBRUTOAll your evidence is still toxic.      The
                           confession, the arrest - it's all
                           still inadmissible.
               Willy grimaces.    Looks down.    Thinking, intense.LOBRUTOI'm sorry, Willy. It was a good idea,
                           but -WILLYI'll get something new.LOBRUTOHow?
               Willy looks up at him.    Calm now.WILLYYou don't want to know.LOBRUTOWilly, you can't -111WILLYI don't work for you.
                                  (Beat)
                           Right?
               Beat. Lobruto sighs, as Willy nods and turns to start back
               to the garage. With work to do.LOBRUTODon't do anything crazy.WILLYWhat else have we got left?
               Willy disappears inside.INT. S.I.D. LAB - LATEREnd of the day. Marchand pulls on his coat, shuts down his
               computer. He turns to go -
               - Willy is standing in his doorway.WILLYI need a favor.INT. POLICE EVIDENCE WAREHOUSE - SOON AFTERWilly follows an EVIDENCE CLERK along an aisle between floor-
               to-ceiling steel shelves of boxes marked with case numbers.CRAWFORDThese are from that thing at the
                           courthouse, right?WILLYUh-huh.
               The Clerk stops, checking a number against a slip of paper in
               his hand - pulls down a box for Willy.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - THAT NIGHTCrawford is building a new Rube Goldberg device, tools and
               parts laid out precisely on a table.
               Eyes enlarged by the glasses, he silently connects two tiny
               pieces of metal -112- when a French door suddenly implodes, a metal lawn chair
               hurled in from the backyard smashing through it.
               Crawford stands, taking off the glasses -
               - as Willy walks in over the broken glass, carrying Nunally's
               gun.CRAWFORDVery dramatic.
               Willy crosses the room to the alarm panel on the wall.WILLYYou ain't seen nothin' yet.
               He presses the POLICE emergency button, then turns to
               Crawford.WILLYI want the gun.CRAWFORDWhy?   You've already got one.WILLYI want the gun you shot your wife
                            with. Now.
               Crawford doesn't move.
               Willy raises his gun, points it at Crawford's face.WILLYOne way or another, I'm going to see
                            to it you receive justice tonight.
               Crawford studies Willy.CRAWFORDYou're serious, aren't you.WILLYOh, yes.CRAWFORD(A smile dawning)
                            Willy. You got religion, didn't you?!
                            You care. That's...priceless.
               He laughs.   Willy keeps the gun aimed at him.113CRAWFORDNo, it's very sweet. Really.WILLYGonna be a whole lot less funny in
                           about a minute.
               Crawford nods.    Considering the game.   Unruffled.CRAWFORDGetting it like this: is that going to
                           hold up in court?WILLYI don't work for the D.A. any more.
                           I'm just a guy who broke into your
                           house. When the police arrest me -
                           they'll inventory anything in my
                           possession. If that happens to be
                           crucial evidence in another case,
                           well: some prosecutor just got lucky.
               Silence. Crawford studies Willy's eyes, over the muzzle of
               the gun between them.CRAWFORDIt takes a very special kind of person
                           to look right into someone's eyes and
                           pull the trigger. It takes a unique
                           kind of strength.WILLYI guess you'd know that.CRAWFORDYes.    I would.
               Willy cocks the gun.
               Crawford shakes his head.    Eyes on Willy.CRAWFORDI don't think so.
               Willy doesn't lower the gun.    But he doesn't pull the
               trigger, either.WILLYYou don't know me.CRAWFORDNo?114Beat.   Crawford smiles slightly.CRAWFORDThen I'm in for a - rude awakening.
               Willy glares over the gun.     Crawford shrugs.CRAWFORDTick-tock.
               Willy's angry.   Frustrated.    Trapped.
               His bluff called.     Refusing to back down.CRAWFORDWhere did you even get yourself a gun?WILLY(Bitter)
                            It's Nunally's.
               Crawford is thrown by this - but conceals it well.CRAWFORDNunally's.    Really.
               Willy grimaces, over the gun still aimed at Crawford's face.WILLYYeah.    Really.
               He has backed himself into a corner, and he's getting scared.
               Because all of a sudden the threat he came to fake Crawford
               out with -
               - is starting to seem like his only way out.
               Even Crawford sees it. In Willy's eyes. The uncertain edge
               of the idea. He could just do it. End the game. Blow
               Crawford's brains all over the wall.WILLYThere I was, with a perfectly good
                            weapon just sitting in the evidence
                            warehouse.
               It would be so easy. With his life already a shambles.   With
               everything already lost. At least he would have this.CRAWFORDWilly.    Put it down.115WILLYI thought you might appreciate the
                           ...irony.
               Willy's finger tightens on the trigger.CRAWFORDWilly.   Think.
               And Willy does.   Hesitating.
               Distracted, by a thought.
               Lowering the gun slightly, looking at it - remembering:INT. S.I.D. LAB - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)Marchand, on the phone - holding the gun Crawford
               surrendered, in its plastic EVIDENCE bag:WILLY (V.O.)"A perfectly good...Heckler and Koch
                           nine-millimeter."INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (RESUME)Crawford is getting edgy, watching Willy study Nunally's gun:CRAWFORDThe police will be here very soon.WILLYThe exact same type of gun you bought
                           your wife, a month before.
               He looks up at Crawford.    Getting it.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (FLASHBACK)Nunally setting down his pistol on the chair - as Crawford,
               across the room, sets down his on the table.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (RESUME)CRAWFORDIf they see you with a gun in your
                           hand - they're not likely to ask a lot
                           of questions.116WILLYThat's why you went to the hotel.INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR - DAY (FLASHBACK)Surveillance-cam view: Crawford lets himself into the room -WILLY (V.O.)That's why you went into the room.INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY (FLASHBACK)Crawford quietly closes the door behind him.     Stands, taking
               it all in -INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (RESUME)Willy looks at Crawford.    Stunned.WILLYYou took his gun.INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY (FLASHBACK)Crawford checks the dresser drawers, the night-table - finds
               Nunally's badge, holster and gun.WILLY (V.O.)And you left him yours.
               Crawford replaces Nunally's gun with his own matching pistol,
               which was tucked into the back of his belt.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (RESUME)Beat.   Crawford shrugs - arrogant:CRAWFORDI gave it back.WILLYYes you did.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - (FLASHBACKS - VERY QUICK)Crawford fires at Jennifer - Crawford shoots at the transom -117WILLY (V.O.)After you'd used it.
               Crawford holds out the gun, to Nunally: making the offer -WILLY (V.O.)Then you told Nunally you'd put it
                           down - if he put down his.
               Nunally setting down his pistol on the chair, as Crawford,
               across the room, sets down his on the table.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (RESUME)Willy turns, looking into the alcove:WILLYThat's why you moved her back there -INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (FLASHBACK)Nunally rushes past Crawford to kneel by Jennifer - shocked,
               frantic -CRAWFORD (V.O.)The truth is I could have done it
                           right in front of the man and he
                           wouldn't have noticed.
               - ignoring Crawford behind him.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (RESUME)CRAWFORDHe had...other things on his mind.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)Nunally's calling for help on the walkie-talkie, desperately
               starting C.P.R. -
               - as behind him, Crawford picks up the murder weapon,
               (Nunally's gun) from the table -
               - and walks over to the chair where Nunally left Crawford's
               gun (from his holster).118WILLY (V.O.)And all you had to do was switch the
                           guns back - in the commotion -
               Crawford picks up his gun and sets the murder weapon on the
               chair in its place.WILLY (V.O.)- and then wait -
               He then comes back to put his gun on the table, where it will
               be mistaken for the murder weapon. Straightens, done.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT (FLASHBACKS)Nunally grabs up the murder weapon from the chair, upset,
               distracted - puts it in his holster -WILLY (V.O.)- until Nunally walked the murder
                           weapon right out of the house.
               A Detective drops Jennifer's gun into an evidence bag -
               - as Nunally walks out.INT. CRAWFORD HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - (RESUME)Willy stares at Crawford.    In real wonder.WILLYBrilliant.CRAWFORDYou know, this is really kind of fun.
                           It's like showing some caveman a
                           cigarette lighter.
               Willy looks down at the gun in his hand.    Thoughtful.WILLYThis caveman's gonna put you in prison
                           for the rest of your life.CRAWFORDIt's still not evidence, Willy.
                           There's no prints left by now.
                           Nothing ties that gun to me.
               Willy smiles, slow...    Enjoying himself, at last.119WILLYNo. That would be true.        Except for
                           all those eggs.CRAWFORDThose what?
               Willy nods to himself, going to the wooden bowl of ball-
               bearings - selecting one, carrying it to the Rube Goldberg
               machine:WILLYWith all those little cracks and weak
                           places. Like Nunally. Shooting
                           himself, right there in the
                           courthouse. I didn't think he was
                           going to do that. Did you?CRAWFORD(Wary)
                           No.
               Studying the complex device, toying with Crawford:WILLYI mean, we all knew he was going to
                           fall apart sooner or later. That was
                           part of your plan, right? Like a bank
                           shot, on a pool table: you kill your
                           wife - and destroy her lover. With
                           one bullet.
                                  (Turns)
                           Well: four bullets, actually. Right?
               Crawford frowns.   Trying to see what Willy's getting at.WILLYFirst bullet goes into your wife.INTERCUT QUICK FLASHBACKS:Crawford fires at Jennifer -WILLY (V.O.)Then three more out the front of the
                           house, to get some attention.
               - and fires three times at the transom.WILLYThen while you're waiting for the show
                           to begin - you have to reload
                           Nunally's gun.120Crawford pushes new bullets into the clip -WILLY (V.O.)I mean, you don't want him wondering
                           where the hell four bullets went,
                           considering he never fired his gun
                           that night.

               - and slides the clip back into the gun, pleased.
               Willy nods, thinking it out.   Sure of himself.
               He sets the ball-bearing into the slot at the top of the
               machine -WILLYAnd I'm betting you didn't worry about
                           fingerprints.

               Crawford reacts.
               CLOSE: Crawford's fingers, putting the bullets in the clip.
               Willy lets the ball go - watching it begin rolling down the
               ornate tracks.WILLYI mean, why would you? Nobody's going
                           to be looking at his gun.

               The ball tumbles and clatters - flipping and clicking through
               the ingenious, precise, heartless machinery -WILLYAnd sooner or later, life goes on,
                           those four incriminating bullets would
                           get used, and be gone forever.

               - and Crawford is recognizing, slowly, his one mistake.
               The gun in Nunally's limp dead fingers, glimpsed on the
               marble courthouse floor, through the crowd.WILLY (V.O.)Except Nunally only fired one of those
                           bullets. Into himself.

               Willy turns from the machine -
               - which continues clattering and working, beside him.121WILLYWhich means there are still three left
                           with your fingerprints on them - Tom.
                           In this clip.

               He holds the gun up.     Savoring Crawford's growing fear.
               They can hear a car rolling up the driveway. Red and blue
               lights sweep the frosted glass by the front door.WILLYEverybody has a weak spot, right?
                           Some place they break.

               Without looking, Willy gently pushes the machine, moving it a
               fraction of an inch on the floor -
               - as the ball catapults out - sailing across the living room
               in a perfect, graceful arc -
               - that misses the bowl.

               Outside, the police car doors open and then slam.
               Crawford, going pale, watches the metal ball roll off the
               coffee-table and across the floor toward him.
               Crawford doesn't move.     Trying to focus.    His mind working.
               The ball comes to rest against Crawford's shoe.
               The doorbell rings.

               Crawford looks up.     Meeting Willy's eyes.
               Smiling slightly, Willy tucks Nunally's gun into his belt and
               puts his hands in the air.
               And gives Crawford a wink.
               Crawford is staring at Willy, frozen - panic and hatred and
               fear curdling in his eyes -
               - as behind him, the police begin pounding on the front door.THE END