M Y   B E S T   F R I E N D ' S   W E D D I N Gby Ronald Bass
	First Draft Screenplay--------------------------------------------------------------INT.  BOULEY RESTAURANT, NEW YORK - NIGHTDim lighting, crowd buzz, a long line of the rich, the celebrated,
	the congenitally impatient.  Everyone in this queue holds a
	reservation at least an hour overdue.  Tourists can't even make the
	line.  PAN ahead to...

	... the burnished dining room, the tables of power, the elegant
	service.  Covertly, many eyes are drawn to the one table receiving
	by far the most lavish service of all.  Captains hover, presenting
	delicacies, pouring wines, murmuring obsequiously to a guest whose
	person they screen from our view.  We can see, however...

	... the honored guest's companion.  Ignored, bemused, across the
	table.  This is DIGGER DOWNES, 36, darkly attractive.  Kind eyes,
	an intellectual's mouth, Saville Row's most unobtrusive and
	conservative chalk-stripe suit.  He is gay, but you wouldn't guess
	it.  Loyal and wise and generous, and you might.  He watches with a
	quiet twinkle, as the Captains now step back, revealing to us...

	... their most unlikely icon.  JULIANNE POTTER, almost 28, wears
	her favorite bulky sweater over a bunch of other stuff she pulled
	together in fifteen seconds.  She is unkempt, quick, volatile,
	scattered, and beneath it all, perhaps because of it all, an
	original beauty.  Dark liquid eyes, a cynical mouth, slender
	expressive fingers, which point to...CAPTAINA variation on our squid ink
		    risotto.  Trace of Moselle, to
		    sweeten the stock.

	She doesn't like that idea at all.  Shoots him a sharp look of
	doubt that makes him smile.  Murmur...CAPTAINDon't kill us on this one, it's
		    a long shot.

	Places the moist lump of black rice before her.  She takes a
	surprisingly small amount, rolls it over her tongue.  Makes dead
	flat eye contact with Digger.  And nods, it's actually quite nice.
	The Captain breathes with relief.  She turns her dark eyes to him.
	The tone says they're pals...JULIANNEI'm writing it up as inventive and
		    confident.  Which it is.  Off the
		    record, I'll need an extra boat of
		    the ink.  Or a salt shaker.CAPTAINI'll toss a coin.

	As the Captain splits, Digger looks around at the other tables,
	which makes many pairs of eyes awkwardly glace away.DIGGERIs it ever embarrassing, having
		    your bum kissed in public?JULIANNEIf your ass isn't chapped, you
		    are not a good-writer of note.

	She glances at her two remaining waiters, who shamelessly fawn
	nearby.JULIANNEIs it sad to be an editor, and bask
		    only in reflected insincerity?DIGGERI've adjusted, and thanks for asking.

	She leans forward, as if sharing something conspiratorial.JULIANNESee the pull of a book like
		    Twenty Chefs, is not who I
		    put in.  It's who I leave out.DIGGERWhich is everyone you couldn't
		    get in.JULIANNEPlus some guys whose food I don't
		    like.

	Pushes the risotte across to him.  He lifts a fork.DIGGERThis fellow from Newsday ever
		    call?

	She shrugs.  Pulls a cellular out of a large, jumbled bag.JULIANNEI'll buzz my machine.  Inventive
		    and confident, yeh?

	She dials.  He tastes.DIGGERNeeds salt.JULIANNEIs Newsday a real interview, or
		    just some cute guy you're setting
		    me up w...DIGGER... I don't send you men, anymore.
		    You don't know what to do with them.

	She's punching in her code.JULIANNESometimes I do.  Like for two months.DIGGER... weeks.

	Over the phone, we hear her answering machine...

				MAN'S VOICE (V.O., soft)
		    Hey.  It's Michael.

	And her face changes.  Warms.  Just to hear the guileless voice.MICHAEL (V.O.)God, it must be, what, months, huh?
		    I can't wait to talk to you.  I'm
		    in Chicago at the Ritz Carlton...

	She looks impressed and surprised.  Fancy place for this guy.MICHAEL (V.O.)Call me four in the morning,
		    whatever, we gotta talk.

	As she hangs up.  She still has that look in her eye.  Digger has
	never seen that, and he likes it very much.DIGGERWho called? The man of the
		    moment?

	She smiles.  A sweet, natural smile that makes us like her, too.
	The Bohemian sophisticate has vanished.JULIANNENo, no, the opposite.  That's
		    my best friend, Michael O'Neal.
		    He sounds desperate to talk.DIGGERThe wandering sportswriter.

	He pushes the risotto back her way.DIGGERI didn't know you two had a
		    past.

	Her gaze sharpens.  Hmmn?DIGGERThe look in your eye.

	She blushes.  Shakes her head, no way.JULIANNESophomore year at Yale we had
		    this one hot month.  And, you
		    know me, I got restless...

	He knows her.  She got restless.JULIANNESo I get up the nerve to break
		    his heart.  I tell him there's
		    this dreamy exchange student
		    from Pakistan who wants to,
		    you know...

	He knows.JULIANNEAnd he gets this... look.  He
		    says, "I knew I couldn't hold
		    your interest", which, of course,
		    makes me feel like the shallow
		    bitch I've always been...

	He nods, yeah.JULIANNEThen he says, "But what makes
		    me want to cry.  Is I'm losing
		    the best friend I ever had."

	Hears the feeling.  In her voice.JULIANNEAnd when he said it, I knew.
		    I felt the same.

	Silence now.  She covers with a smile.JULIANNESo I cried.  For maybe the third
		    time in my life.  And I kissed
		    him.  And we've been best friends
		    ever since.

	Ever since.  Fingers turning her wine glass...JULIANNENine years, we've seen each other
		    through everything.  Losing jobs,
		    losing parents, losing lovers...
		    travelled all over, we've had the
		    best times.  The best times of my
		    life, maybe.  Just drinking and
		    talking.  Even over a phone.DIGGERKindred spirits.JULIANNENo, he's nothing like me.  He's
		    like you.  Only straight.

	No offense taken.JULIANNEHe's the salt of the earth.  Kind
		    and loyal and generous.  The one
		    constant thing in my life, is he'll
		    always be there.DIGGERHe's still in love with you.

	That stops her.  She has to say...JULIANNEMaybe.  But it never gets in
		    the way.

	Something she probably hasn't confessed out loud before.  Digger
	understands.DIGGERWell, he has a true friend in
		    you.

	He wants her to know he sees that.DIGGERWhenever George tells someone
		    how steadfast I am, he always
		    makes me sound boring.JULIANNESolid and genuine is not boring.
		    Michael can be completely insane...

	A young waiter arrives.  Sets a boat of black squid ink beside her
	plate.JULIANNEThere was this one night in
		    Tucson, like six years ago...
		    we got amazingly drunk, I mean,
		    Keith Richards time...

	The kid tops off her glass of meursault.  Looking at her.JULIANNEGod, I haven't thought of this
		    in so long...

	The waiter hanging now.  Openly listening.JULIANNEI can even believe we did
		    this...

	Digger sees the guy listening, gestures to her with his eyes.  So
	she looks up.JULIANNECould you give us a minute?

	The kid stunned, speechless.  People lose jobs for a lot less.JULIANNEYou won't miss much, I promise
		    there was no sex.

	He reddens and disappears.DIGGERI've lost interest.JULIANNEHe takes a razor from his dinky
		    little dopp kit, cuts his fingertip,
		    takes my hand, does the same to me...

	She places the tips of her index fingers together.DIGGERBlood oath.JULIANNEHe says, "Swear.  When we're both
		    28, if we've never been married...
		    we marry each other!"

	And laughs again.  Can you believe that?  But Digger isn't smiling.
	She wonders why.  Begins to spoon black squid ink onto her risotto.JULIANNESee, he figured that would be a
		    sign from God, or someone of
		    comparable authority, that we'd
		    misunderstood our destinies.

	He still has this real serious look.  She's still spooning ink.JULIANNEWe never talked about it again.  I
		    don't know what made me think of...

				DIGGER (quietly)
		    I do.

	And everything.  Stops.  She lifts her spoon, mesmerized by the
	gravity of his tone.DIGGERYou'll be 28 in three weeks.
		    How old is he?

	Holy.  Fucking.  Shit.  It hits her like a ton of lead bricks.  She
	shovels some swampy risotto into her mouth, without looking.JULIANNEYou think...DIGGERDesperate.  To talk.

	She shovels in more drippy black goop.  It is really disgusting.JULIANNEHe's not proposing marriage,
		    there's no way I'm buying one
		    word of th...DIGGERThen why are you compulsively
		    eating? If you're not hysterical?

	More goes in.  Her lips and mouth completely black.  Like a circus
	clown.JULIANNEHe can't do that to me!DIGGERWe're about to find out.

	Ink is now dribbling out of the black hole of her mouth and down
	her face.  She absently dabs a napkin, keeping some of it from
	reaching her sweater.JULIANNEWhen I turn him down...

	She realizes the full weight of the truth.JULIANNEWe'll never be the same.DIGGERI have a suggestion...JULIANNEI'll have to kill myself before I
		    call him.

	Staring in each other's eyes.

				DIGGER (sadly)
		    That was it.INT. JULIANNE'S BATHROOM - LATE NIGHTJulianne furiously scrubs her blackened tongue with a toothbrush.
	Gray foam pours from her mouth, spattering the oversized basketball
	jersey she wears as a nightshirt.  In the mirror, her troubled eyes
	dwell on Michael, flick to the cordless phone standing ominously on
	the closed toilet lid.

	She spits, sticks her tongue way out.  Incredibly black.  Great.
	Depressed, terrified, and disfigured for life.  She snatches up the
	hated phone, and wanders aimlessly into...

	... her bedroom.  West Village view.  Defiantly jumbled, aggres-
	sively eclectic.  Traces of wonderful taste mixed with I-like-it-
	you-got-a-problem-with-that? She stumbles around, rehearsing...JULIANNEThis is awkward timing, Michael,
		    I just joined this convent, and
		    they never give your deposit ba...

	Stops.  Full-length mirror.  She straightens her hair, to look her
	best.JULIANNEMichael, I'm married.

	Not enough.JULIANNE... and I have two weeks to live.

	Changes tone...JULIANNEMichael, I'm trying to be gay,
		    don't confuse me.

	She turns to continue pacing, and walks straight INTO a dresser.
	Stuns her, momentarily.  Enough, already! She punches up the
	number, primping absently in the mirror.  When it connects...JULIANNEI was calling Michael O'Neal,
		    but seeing it's so late, I could
		    just leave a mes...

	No such luck.  Cut off.  Waits.  And then...

				JULIANNE (soft)
		    Good evening, sir.  You've been
		    enrolled in the Obscene Call Of
		    The Month Club, and th...MICHAEL (V.O.)Hey! God, it's so good to hear
		    your voice.

	She forgets herself.  Because it's good to hear his, too.MICHAEL (V.O.)I've been calling for days!JULIANNEYeh, well my old machine kept
		    eating messages.  I tried
		    constructively ignoring it in
		    hopes of improvement, but finally...

				MICHAEL (V.O., urgent)
		    Look, I have to ask you something.

	She swallows.MICHAEL (V.O.)Something so incredibly important,
		    that if you turn me down, I don't
		    know what I'll d...

				JULIANNE (bright)
		    I just have to tell you this one
		    thing first, okay? I mean this
		    will hand you the biggest laugh
		    of your adult life...

	Silence.  Come on girl, suck it up.JULIANNEI was thinking about you, and I
		    remembered this unbelievably insane
		    night we spent together in Tucson,
		    like a thousand years ago?

	More silence.  Really quiet.JULIANNEI mean, there's no way you could
		    possibly remember the...

				MICHAEL (V.O., soft)
		    Are you kidding?

	Stops her.  Like a brick wall.  The sweetness in his voice.MICHAEL (V.O.)I think about that night all
		    the time.

	She's going to have a heart attack.MICHAEL (V.O.)But it's not why I called.

	She blinks.  It's not.  And just as a tsunami of relief begins to
	sweep away...MICHAEL (V.O.)I called because I met someone.

	And her smiles breaks off.  Like a spine snapping.  Because there is
	something in his voice.JULIANNEWell, that's great.  You haven't
		    really had anybody since Dingbat
		    Jennylee...MICHAEL (V.O.)You don't understand.  I've never
		    felt this way about anybody!

	Never.  She sits down, hard.  Right on the floor.MICHAEL (V.O.)And she's all wrong for me!JULIANNEWell, somet...MICHAEL (V.O.)I mean she's a junior at Chicago
		    University, she's twenty years
		    old! Like when I first met you.

	Like when.  Julianne's mouth is suddenly dry.MICHAEL (V.O.)And her dad is like this billionaire
		    who owns the White Sox and some cable
		    empire, and you know how I've always
		    been miserably awkward around those
		    kinda stuffed suits...

	She's finally making her mouth work...JULIANNEWell, sure.MICHAEL (V.O.)But they're so down to earth, such
		    wonderful people...JULIANNEYou've met her parents.

				MICHAEL (V.O., quiet)
		    Well.  Sure.

	Wow.MICHAEL (V.O.)See.  We're getting married.
		    This Sunday.

	There's a knife in her heart.  She can scarcely breathe.JULIANNEMichael, it's Wednesday night,
		    you can't possibly be getting
		    married on Su...MICHAEL (V.O.)Actually, it all starts tomorrow.
		    It's one of those four-day weddings,
		    with all the traditional events, and
		    ten million people flying in from
		    Madagascar such.

				JULIANNE (incredibly lame)
		    Aren't you... working this weekend?
		    I mean, is that responsible?MICHAEL (V.O.)Well, the Sox are at home.  SI's
		    letting me do a profile on the Big
		    Hurt.  That's Frank...JULIANNE(barely audible)
		    ... Thomas, yeh.

	She's staring at herself in the mirror.MICHAEL (V.O.)Jules.  I'm scared.

	A straw to lunge at.JULIANNEWell, maybe we should talk ab...MICHAEL (V.O.)I need you.

	So heartfelt.  A lifetime of emotion welling in her eyes.MICHAEL (V.O.)If you can't come.  And hold my
		    hand.  I'll never get through this.

	Oh.MICHAEL (V.O.)Please come, please.JULIANNEW...MICHAEL (V.O.)I can't wait for you to meet her!

	HOLD ON Julianne.  Staring in the mirror.  Like watching the end of
	her life.INT.  BEDROOM - LATERThe closet, the armoire, all the drawers are wide open.  Two huge
	suitcases open on the bed, into which Julianne is flinging clothes,
	as she fumbles to smoke and dial at the same time.  Over the phone,
	now...

				DIGGER (V.O., machine)
		    You've reached Digger and George.
		    Brevity will be appreciated.BEEP.JULIANNE (in a rage)IT'S ME AGAIN, WHY AREN'T YOU GUYSUP HAVING SAFE SEX??SNATCHES up a tiny, clingy, sexy dress.  Pouts at it.JULIANNEOR, IN THE ALTERNATIVE, WHY AREN'TYOU INTERRUPTING IT TO ANSWERTHE PHONE??She holds the dress against her body.  It's hot.JULIANNEYOU, YOU, YOU! IT'S ALL ABOUTYOU, ISN'T IT??She clicks OFF.  Checks the dress in the mirror.  Raises the short
	skirt a little higher.INT. DIGGER'S CHEROKEE, JFK AIRPORT - EARLY MORNINGDigger driving the open-air Cherokee up the ramp to United Airlines
	departures.  Julianne, wind-whipped, trying to light a fresh
	cigarette from the butt of the last one.  He glances over.  Hates
	to see this...DIGGERYou can't get lung cancer and
		    die in four days.  Go to Plan B.

	She sucks deep.  Really deep.JULIANNEYou have no appropriate sense
		    of emergency.  My best friend
		    is ruining his life.DIGGERNo, he's ruining yours.JULIANNESame difference.  If you love
		    someone, it's your duty to save
		    them from themselves.DIGGERYou have a real philosophy of
		    life.JULIANNEIt's called the Law of Love,
		    asshole.

	She is tight enough to snap.  And at the edge of tears.  Staring
	out at the skycaps, clinging to her cigarette, as he eases to the
	curb.

				DIGGER (gently)
		    Why don't we have a drink? You
		    could catch a later fl...JULIANNEI'm a busy girl.  I've got four
		    days to break up a wedding, and
		    steal the bride's fella.

	She finally looks at him.  He doesn't say anything.JULIANNEHe's adored me for nine goddamn
		    years.DIGGERI can see why.JULIANNEShe knows him maybe five seconds,
		    plus she has billions of dollars,
		    plus she's perfect, so don't go
		    feeling sorry for Miss Pre-Teen Illinois!

	He's not.  So her voice softens.  Which shows the hurt.JULIANNEAnd don't go feeling sorry for
		    me, you don't know me that well.
		    We're only friends.

				DIGGER (softly)
		    I stand corrected.

	Tears now.  Stand in her eyes.JULIANNEI'm making a big mistake, huh?

				DIGGER (shrugs)
		    Maybe you'll learn something.

	He wraps his hand over hers.  She looks down at it.JULIANNEI'm gonna bring him back, man.
		    Against all odds, y'know.  Cos
		    if I don't...

	She wraps her fingers around his.JULIANNE... I gotta live with it forever.

	Looks in his eyes.JULIANNEAnd at my wedding.  I'll be the
		    only bride with her own best man.

	And she kisses his cheek.

	Jumps out of his car.  Before she cries.  Yanks her bags from the
	back.  Brave smile.

	They trade small salutes.  And then she's gone.INT.  O'HARA AIRPORT, CHICAGO - MORNINGThe jetway disgorging passengers into the swarming ant colony
	called O'Hare.  Julianne lugging multiple carry-ons, trying to pull
	fly-away strands of hair into place, nervous as a schoolgirl,
	looking all around, and...

	... there he is.  MICHAEL is tall and square-shouldered, a boyish
	grin, an unruly shock of hair.  He looks gorgeous, sweet, and just
	dangerous enough to be irresistible.  Worthwhile stakes.  His face
	lights to see her, and she...

	... RUNS to his arms, shedding bags along the way, slamming off
	heedless civilians, to be...

	... SWEPT OFF the earth in strong arms, spun around, laughing like
	crazy, their cheeks tight together.  When he sets her down...

	... he kisses her nose.  His arms are still around her.

				MICHAEL (murmurs)
		    Can you believe it? Can you believe
		    I'm actually gonna do this?

				JULIANNE (lost in his eyes)
		    Not hardly.

	He beams.  Turns.  She follows his gaze, and...

	... there she is.  KIMBERLY WALLACE is 20, small and slender, but it
	is a body to die for.  The face is striking, not at all perky and
	vapid, but lovely and interesting.  Worst of all, intelligent.

	She walks toward them purposefully, her eyes locked to the woman in
	her fiancee's arms.  At the last moment, Michael releases Julianne
	and Kimmy...

	... THROWS her arms around the startled visitor.  HOLDS her tight,
	with such genuine warmth that Julianne can only, slowly, hug back.
	As Michael beams.KIMMYThis just makes everything so
		    perfect.

	Her arms stay around the slightly dazed Julianne.  The younger
	girl leans close, confides...KIMMYAll I've heard, from the day I
		    met Michael, is Julianne this,
		    and Julianne that...JULIANNEWell, we're...KIMMYI think the best part of marrying
		    this guy is finding you.

	Pale gray eyes.  Alive with joy and intimacy.KIMMYI've never had a sister.INT.  KIMMY'S CONVERTIBLE - DAYKimmy TEARING down the throughway in her Mercedes 500 SL, a
	dashing, confident driver.  Julianne riding shotgun, hair flying, a
	total wreck, in the open convertible.  Michael is happily crouched
	on the little platform behind their seats, hugging his knees.  The
	roar of the wind makes it impossible for him to hear them.KIMMYMy heart's in my throat, here.
		    Right off, I have to ask this
		    monstrous favor...JULIANNEYou need a few dollars.

	Kim glances over.  At eighty miles an hour.  A bittersweet look.KIMMYDry.  Just like he said.

	Her eyes at once admiring and regretful.JULIANNEExcuse me?KIMMYI can be quick.  I can even
		    be funny.

	Shakes her head.  An endearing youngster.KIMMYBut I can't be dry.JULIANNECan you watch the road?KIMMYSee.  Dry.  It's in the delivery.

	She looks back to the highway.KIMMYThis is a very presumptuous
		    and burdensome fav...JULIANNE... you want a menage on your
		    wedding night.

				KIMMY (straight back)
		    No, that wouldn't be burdensome.

	Julianne studying the delicate, angular profile.  Hard not to like
	this kid.KIMMYMy classmate Angelique shattered
		    her pelvis line dancing in
		    Abeline on Spring Break.

	Looks over.  The sweetest smile.KIMMYBe my maid of honor.

	Julianne just blinks.KIMMYYou can't believe what it'd
		    cost to bring in a temp.JULIANNEUh.  How about promoting a
		    bridesmaid?  Someone you know
		    for at least forty-five minutes.

	We CUT OFF a huge SEMI who BLASTS his horn.  Kimmy fearless,
	oblivious, and analytical...KIMMYThe bridesmaids are my only two
		    female relatives under forty.
		    Identical twin debutantes from
		    Nashville, who are basically
		    vengeful sluts.  With amazing
		    bodies!JULIANNEWhich was the disqualifying
		    factor?KIMMYThe twin part.  I like to remain
		    impartial in my contempt.

	Sees the off-ramp, and SLICES across FOUR LANES of speeding bullets
	in a heart-stopping nanosecond.  This kid could drive for Penske.
	Julianne has to pound her chest to get her heart started.  Looks
	back to see if Michael fell out...

	... he is absurdly wind-blown.  Gives her a beautiful grinning
	thumbs-up.  Loves this stuff.KIMMYThis means I have four days
		    to make you my new best friend...

	Brings Julianne's eyes back...KIMMYAnd since I already know everything
		    about you.  Including intimate
		    facts I'm mortified to have heard,
		    but too envious to forget.  It's
		    time for you to learn about me...

	Easing off the freeway.  She meets Julianne's glance...KIMMYForce yourself.  To get personal.

				JULIANNE (smiles)
		    Sounds like a plan.INT.  DRESS SHOP, NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE - MORNINGThe place is stunning.  High-ceiling, soft light, large rococo
	mirrors, Louis Quatorze sofas and chairs.  Michael wanders rest-
	lessly, fish out of water among designer displays and stylish
	female patrons.

	Takes a look at his watch.INT.  DRESSING ROOM - MORNINGA period sitting room, ringed with mirrors along its tapestried
	walls.  Kimmy sits on a Louis Treize loveseat next to a stack of
	costly gowns.  Watching with an expertise beyond her years, as...

	... Julianne stands on a platform.  A seamstress fitting her into a
	sleek pale daffodil-colored gown.  There are pins everywhere, as
	the seamstress struggles toward a perfect fit.  Continuously
	looking to Kim for approval.KIMMYIf you'd rather the lilac...

	Julianne shakes her head.  This one is beautiful.JULIANNEI thought bridesmaids had to wear
		    the same dress.KIMMYNot you.  You won't be comfortable
		    unless you're distinctive.

	Julianne glances over.JULIANNEWhat else did he tell you...KIMMY... you hate weddings, you never go.

	Oh.  Well, yeah.KIMMYYou're not up for anything
		    conventional, or popularly
		    assumed to be female priorities.
		    Including marriage.  Or romance.
		    Or even...

	And she stops.  Not wanting to offend.

				JULIANNE (quietly)
		    ... not even love.

	The look holds.  The seamstress keeps working, as if she's deaf.JULIANNEThat's why Michael and I were
		    the wrong fit.  Right from the
		    start.KIMMYHe said that, too.

	She stands up.  Walks to the platform.  Smooths her hand over the
	fabric down Julianne's back, along her hips.  Communicating to the
	seamstress with her irritated expression.KIMMYWell, I thought I was like you.
		    And proud to be.  Until I met
		    rumpled, smelly old Michael...

	Pins start to come out.  Kimmy points, these, too!KIMMYAnd then I found I was just a
		    sentimental schmuck.  Like all
		    those flighty nitwits I'd always
		    pitied.

	She leans forward.  So they can look at each other.KIMMYFunny world, huh?

	Julianne swallows.  It is that.JULIANNEI need a smoke.

	And before anyone can breathe, she steps OFF the platform RIPPING
	the living shit out of the gown, right down the side.  The seam-
	stress' eyes FLASH OPEN in abject horror.  Julianne, a deer in
	headlights, looks quickly around at the evidence of her screw-up in
	six different mirrors.

	Kimberly just steps to her, fingers the tear...KIMMYIt's mostly the seam.  Let's
		    get this to Carlos.

	And UNZIPS Julianne down the back.  In her rush to step out,
	Julianne STUMBLES,  but her arms are pinned by the pulled-down dress
	and she just...

	... TOPPLES like a felled oak, THUDDING on her face, the gown
	RIPPING some more, the seamstress SCREAMING like an idiot.

	Then.  Silence.  Julianne looking up helplessly, a trussed hog,
	bound in her dress.

				KIMMY (firm)
		     Just.  Don't.  Move.

	Like you talk to a three-year-old.  Deftly, Kimmy pulls the
	dress free, leaving Julianne in her underwear.  Signals to the
	seamstress, let's go.JULIANNEDon't you have to be somewh...KIMMY... just my bridal shower.  And
		    Michael has to meet our dads and
		    the groomsmen at Comiskey for a
		    one-thirty game.

	Opens the door...KIMMYOther than that...

	Closed SOLID.  Gone.INT.  DRESSING ROOM - LATERJulianne sits on the loveseat in her bra and panties, lighting one
	cigarette from the butt of another.  Suddenly, she hears...

	... an ARGUMENT outside the door.  Strains to listen.  It does sound
	like Michael and Kim.  We can't make out the words.  She jumps up,
	dashes for the door, STUBBING her toe on the platform, SHIT!, falls
	heavily AGAINST the door with a THUD that makes her wince, and...

	... the argument stops.  Damn.  She opens the door a crack.  Sees
	nothing.  Opens it wider to reveal...

	... a teenaged BOY looking right at her.  He sends a true shit-
	eating grin and she SLAMS the door hard enough to RATTLE walls.

	She PACES furiously, helplessly, arms around her half-naked self,
	until...

	... soft knock.  The door opens a crack, and her daffodil gown
	comes through it.JULIANNECome in, and shut the...

	Stops.  Because it's Michael who has entered.  With the dress.JULIANNE... door.

	So he does.  She flushes and SNATCHES up her own clothes, which
	were characteristically tangled in a heap, and tries desperately to
	untangle them enough to cover herself.  He is amazed and amused by
	her embarrassment.

				MICHAEL (laughing)
		    Should I turn around, or someth...JULIANNEMichael, I'm in my underwear!

	She's TEARING at her clothes, only making more of a mess.MICHAELWe've seen each other a lot
		    more naked than this.

	She seems ready to rip her clothes apart, so he gently takes them
	from her hands.  She tries to stand unselfconsciously as he easily
	untangles them.MICHAELI mean, we were skinny-dipping
		    in Greece, just as pals, less
		    than two years ago.

	She GRABS the clothes and covers the front of herself.  Looking at
	him with a mix of emotions she couldn't begin to sort out.JULIANNEThings are different now.

	He looks in her eyes.  And nods, a little sadly.  Guess they are.

				MICHAEL (softly)
		    Well.  I leave with two thoughts
		    in my mind.

	He walks to the door.  Puts his hand on the latch.  Looks back...

				MICHAEL (even softer)
		    You're still a very pretty
		    girl.

	The look holds.  And holds.  There is such feeling on both sides,
	she doesn't know what to make of it.  She swallows.JULIANNEWhat's the sec...MICHAELMirrors.

	And he's gone.  She looks around at six different VIEWS of her
	uncovered backside.  Hmm.INT.  HOTEL UNDERGROUND GARAGE - DAYThe parking valets wait by their stand as the convertible pulls up.
	These girls must be late for something, the way they're jumping out
	of the car.JULIANNE... luckiest guy in the Northern
		    Fucking Hemisphere, is all I'm s...KIMMYWhat? Because I'm a little
		    understand...JULIANNE... most sentimental schmucks I
		    pity want a honeymoon after their
		    wedding.  Just to top it off.

	The valet gives Kimmy her ticket.KIMMYI can't expect the NBA to hold
		    up the playoffs...

	They're walking fast toward the garage elevators...KIMMYI'm excited Sports Illustrated
		    gave him this kind of shot, he's
		    only there a ye...JULIANNESo your honeymoon is exactly where?

	Well...KIMMYIt depends.  If San Antonio sweeps
		    Sacramento, we could start there.
		    Or Phoenix.  Or depending on Indiana-
		    Clevel...JULIANNE... garden sports, all.  Little swing
		    of maybe fifty degrees Fahrenheit,
		    represents a packing challenge, but
		    there's fine food and cocktails at a
		    choice of Embassy Suit...

	At the elevator.  Kimmy SLAMS the button.KIMMYIt's his career, I'm supportive.
		    Look, I've been everywhere, I've
		    seen the world, I've laid on a beach.
		    I want to be with the man I love.
		    That's what makes it a honeymoon.

	End of story.  Okay?JULIANNEI'm just saying he's lucky.

	An empty elevator arrives.  They get in.JULIANNETakes one woman in a billion to
		    put up with his array of shit.
		    The guy is a one-man festival of
		    idiosync...

	Kimmy SLAMS the penthouse button.  Looks at her calmly.  Go on.JULIANNEWell.  You've been introduced
		    to the symphonic range of...KIMMY... his snoring, yeah.  He says
		    it's worse than ever.  That
		    snaffle one...?

	Julianne imitates an incredibly annoying high-pitched SNARL.  Three
	times.  Kimmy nods.KIMMYWell now it has this sorta
		    phlegm rattle behind it...

	Stopped at the lobby.  A family of four gets in.  Oblivious, Kimmy
	DEMONSTRATES the phlegm rattle.  Really gets into it.  As the
	family watches, Julianne tries her own version.  Like that? No.
	More like this.  The family is looking at each other.KIMMYGuess what? Earplugs work.

	Oh.JULIANNEHow about...KIMMY... cigars in bed? I broke him
		    on that.  But the bathroom's a
		    swamp, he wears Reeboks to dinner,
		    tells the same, admittedly funny,
		    jokes three hundred times...

	Sucks in a breath...KIMMY... loves action movies, subscribes
		    to Playboy for godsake, reads over
		    my shoulder, can't keep track of
		    the checks he writes...

	Ninth floor.  The family gets out.  The door closes.KIMMYHe sucks soup through his
		    front teeth.JULIANNEA trademark move, don't touch
		    it.KIMMYBut he sure can kiss.JULIANNEIt's been awhile.  I'll take
		    your word.KIMMYAfter two weeks of cataloguing
		    all his faults, I made a command
		    decision that changed my life.

	She SLAMS the EMERGENCY STOP button.  We JOLT to a halt.KIMMYI threw the list away.

	Shakes her head.KIMMYHe's not a balance sheet, so
		    many wonderful qualities, so
		    many faults.  He's Michael.

	From her heart.KIMMYAnd loving him means loving
		    all of this.JULIANNEDo you get nervous in small
		    confined spaces?KIMMYSo it's sweet of you to be
		    protective...JULIANNELet me rephrase that...KIMMYBut nothing ever could, ever
		   did, give me a moment's pause
		   about this marriage...JULIANNEDo you get hysterical in small
		   confined spa...KIMMY... except one.

	Julianne's face.  Stops.JULIANNEOh, yeah?

	Kimmy nods.  Confides...KIMMYYou.

	A stopper.KIMMYYou'll always be there.  In his
		    mind.  The perfect creature he
		    loved for all those y...JULIANNEWell, perfection can get wearing
		    after whi...KIMMYI'm not joking.  I had to face
		    up to all my competitive drives,
		    and believe me, I've got 'em.JULIANNENo.KIMMYAnd the answer was so simple.JULIANNEI was gonna predict that.KIMMYYou win.

	Julianne blinks.  Excuse me?KIMMYYou're enshrined in his heart
		    and memory.  Unassailable.
		    Which works out great.JULIANNEI've missed a step.KIMMYHe has you on a pedestal.  And
		    me in his arms.

	Oh.  Julianne smiles.  LUNGES for the EMERGENCY button, YANKING it
	so hard it comes OFF in her hand.  A terrifying BUZZER ensures.JULIANNEJesus, we're trapped!KIMMYJu...JULIANNENo, this happened to me once,
		    almost, it was excruciating!

	Begins BANGING random buttons, out of control.  Kimmy watching
	this.  Julianne looks WILDLY up...JULIANNEThere's a panel up there, you
		    could boost me...

	RIPPING off her platform shoes.JULIANNEYou know how little air is
		    in these things? I've seen
		    statistics! Once you're trapped
		    between floors...

	Kimmy taps her.  Points to the lighted panel.  It says PH, they've
	reached the Penthouse.JULIANNEGod! Then the door is jammed!

	Takes a heavy platform and begins BANGING the metal door with all
	her strength, sending resounding BOOMS throughout the area, as
	Kimmy reaches and...

	... presses DOOR OPEN.  The metal doors part, opening directly onto
	the banquet room, just as a mighty blow comes down, and the platform
	FLIES from Julianne's hand straight BETWEEN...

	... two identical stunning YOUNG WOMEN, serving as twin hostesses
	for the shower.  A beat of mutually-stupefied looks, and we hear
	the shoe CRASH somewhere, to a small spattering of SHRIEKS.MANDYMah Gawd, it's the bride,
		    and the woman she'll nevah
		    live up to!

				KIMMY (mutters to Julianne)
		    That would be us.SAMMYDid she say th' wrong thang
		    agin? It is so in character!

	AMANDA and SAMANTHA NEWHOUSE, 19-year-old twins.  True Southern
	belles, with the faces of angels and bodies made for hot oil
	wrestling.  Mandy's hair is dyed ash blonde, Sammy's is amber.
	Otherwise, the experience is similar.JULIANNE(thrusts out her hand)
		    I'm Julianne Potter, and...SAMMY... we'd be the vengeful sluts.
		    We came in complementary colors.MANDYHave you sized up the groomsmen,
		    Jules?  As M. of H., you get
		    first fuck.  Don't pick the
		    short, hairy, rich one.JULIANNE... unless he has a hump.

	The girls cast identical blank looks at Kimberly.

				KIMMY (to the sluts)
		    Dry.  I told you.WOMAN'S VOICE (V.O.)Is this Michael's Julianne?

	All eyes turn to an elegant woman of barely 40.  She has her
	daughter's hair and eyes and slender form.  But the bearing rules
	half an empire.  Fonda would envy.ISABELLEI'm Isabelle Wallace, and my
		    handsome new son scarcely did
		    you justice, girl.

	She takes both of Julianne's hands, and our heroine is sort of
	magically charmed.  As if touched by Glinda the Good Witch of the
	North.ISABELLENow, my husband says to scoot
		    you over to the ballpark, so
		    you can hang with Michael.  But
		    first, you have to meet a lot of
		    really old women.

	Looking warmly in her eyes...ISABELLEThat is, if you've absorbed
		    enough profanity.

	Flicks a glance at the twins.  Leads Julianne off...

				MANDY (O.S., pouting)
		    We sayed one fuck.INT.  TAXI, SOUTH SIDE - DAYCab crawling toward COMISKEY PARK through stifling traffic.
	Julianne oblivious, cellular to her ear...JULIANNEDesperate measures! Do you
		    hear me?  Digger, are you the...

	SQUAWK.  Static.  Then...JULIANNEI don't know, hit men, whoopee
		    cushions, saltpeter, something!
		    The girl is impossibly impregnable.
		    Even I want her to get the guy!!

	Listens.JULIANNETell him the what? The truth...??

	She shakes her head.  What a guy.JULIANNEThat desperate.  May I never get.INT.  LUXURY BOX, COMISKEY PARK - AFTERNOONGame in progress.  Watched by Michael, three groomsmen his age, two
	middle-aged men, and one bodyguard.  Suddenly, a dull THUMPING at
	the door.  It keeps up.  They finally all look over.  The bodyguard
	gets the door, revealing...JULIANNEWhich of you gents ordered
		    two beers?

	One single tray.  Holding fourteen beers.  Balancing on one hand.
	Michael JUMPS UP, terrified at the impending mayhem this sight
	suggests...MICHAELWow!  Lemme give you a ha...

				JULIANNE (sweetly)
		    Michael.  You'll unwittingly
		    imply that I'm clumsy.

	He stops in his tracks.  The guys whistle.MICHAELThink of that.  And as well as
		    I know you.

	She goes first to the bodyguard.BODYGUARDSorry, ma'am, I'm on duty.

				JULIANNE (lovely smile)
		    It's Miss.  And thanks.  That
		    leaves two for me.

	Heads down the row...MICHAELJulianne Potter, this is Hank
		    and Gerry from SI, and you know
		    Daniel...

	She's nodding, flawlessly plucking two beers each from perimeter
	of the tray, keeping the rest perfectly balanced in the center.
	Michael is flat dumbstruck.  Next, a tall patrician gentleman with
	rolled-up sleeves on his hand-stitched silk shirt...MICHAELOh.  This is my father-in-law,
		    Walter.

	Once again, she gracefully plucks two beers for the distinguished
	father-in-law...MICHAELHow are you doing this? You're
		    on drugs.

	Sets them down.  The man has a smile wonderful in its ease.
	Murmurs...WALTERIf he gives you grief, I'll have
		    him skillfully beaten, where the
		    wounds won't show.JULIANNEI guess getting him whacked would
		    be politically out of the question.WALTERUnder the circumstances.  Charmed
		    to know you, Jules.JULIANNENice meeting you, too, Walt.

	A nod between equals.  She moves on...MICHAELAnd, this guy, you know...

	She sure does, and effortlessly balancing her one-hand load, she
	dips to kiss a porky, balding guy with big-time shoulders.
	Straight on the lips.JULIANNEPapa Joe.

	They go way back.  He is uncomfortable at this rich man's wedding,
	even as gracious as everyone has been.  His watering eyes twinkle
	at her, and the voice has a trace of Boston...JOEYou gonna be my boy's best man?

	Despite SHOUTS from the others...JULIANNEBest everything, Joe.  But I'm
		    going to dance with you.MICHAELDance?  You don't dance!  You
		    learn to dance??

	Her innocent smile.JULIANNEMoves.  You've never seen.

	BIG reaction from the guys, as she heads toward Michael with the
	last of the beers, not looking down at the FIELDER'S MITT which
	lies right in her path, and as his lips part to scream a warning,
	she skips...

	... neatly AROUND it.  He's in shock.MICHAELYou're an impostor! What have
		    you done with my best friend?

	As he takes away the remaining beers...MICHAELAnd how was the hot dog?

	Hot dog? His eyes fix on her left breast.  HUGE mustard stain.
	She can't believe it.MICHAELCheap and unnecessary.  We were
		    looking anyway.EXT.  LUXURY BOX ROOF - DAYMichael and Julianne sit with their beers on the edge of the luxury
	box roof.  The game, the stadium, spread out beneath them.  Yet
	they are alone in the world.  She dangles her legs, and we can hear
	her kicking the glass below.JULIANNEI just admire your maturity,
		    that's all.  I mean, there are
		    people who would find that kind of
		    perfection boring.  Day after day,
		    year after year...MICHAEL... see, that's what I thought at
		    first.  How can you like someone
		    that perfect? No potential for
		    long-range livability.

	Drinking their beers.  Side by side.  Both stare only at the game.MICHAELLuckily.  The closer I watched,
		    the more the fault came into
		    focus.  Each imperfection its own
		    adorable slice of vulnerability.JULIANNESuch as.MICHAELShe's too genuine.JULIANNEHate that.MICHAELHow can you trust someone you
		    can never mistrust?JULIANNEWhat's next?

	Keep sipping.  Never look at each other.MICHAELNo matter how many times I
		    leave the toilet seat up, she
		    forgets and puts it down.JULIANNEEndearingly absent-minded.MICHAELMy very point.  Here's another one...

	Shakes his head.  This one really gets him.MICHAELEvery day.  She makes the bed.JULIANNEQuite the little eccentric.MICHAELAt first, I thought it was a
		    gag, but she's always done it!

	This is not the ammunition Julianne was hoping for.JULIANNEIs there a coup de grace in
		    here, somewh...MICHAELShe admires.  Tommy Lasorda.JULIANNEWaiter! Check, please!MICHAELShe finds him "personable."JULIANNECan that kind of defect be
		    passed on genetically?

	She looks over now.  And Michael is looking back.  Smiling the most
	wonderful smile.  Her reaction shows that she thinks it's for her,
	until...MICHAELThen again.  She has a few good
		    traits.

	Hating herself for asking, but seeing no way out...JULIANNEGimme like, eight and nine off
		    the top ten list...MICHAELFirst girl I ever knew.  Who
		    lets me give her a bath.

	The look in his eyes.  She can hardly bear it.MICHAELAnd when I hug her, even in
		    public.  I don't have to let go
		    right away.  She lets me hold
		    her as long as I want.

	He seems so deeply in love.MICHAELNice kid, don't you think?

	A beat.  A slow nod.  A quiet...JULIANNELooks like, from here.INT.  SOUTH SIDE CLUB - NIGHTA slender black woman sings a SOARING Gospel number, backed by
	three ladies who could each solo in any church choir.  It is
	mesmerizing, stirring, transcendent.  The unseen audience CLAPPING
	FIERCELY in rhythm, SHOUTING support.  SLOW PAN now...

	... every face is black.  We aren't in church at all, but a
	venerable blue club.  One of those places you'd swear everybody's
	played, from Robert Johnson to Bessie Smith and back again.  As
	the song ends, there is APPLAUSE, some RAPPING on tables with their
	knuckles or their drunks.  We keep PANNING to a far corner.  Three
	faces.

	Julianne leans across her beer to Kimmy...JULIANNEHow'd you find this pl...

	Kim shaking her head.  Looks admiringly to Michael...KIMMYLived here my whole life,
		    never heard of it.  Until
		    our first date.

	She reaches slender fingers.  Traces one back along his hair.KIMMYHe finds all these spots,
		    everywhere he goes, it's a
		    mystical gift.

				MICHAEL (shy)
		    Jesus, one d-back from the Bears
		    knows a place...KIMMYIt's not just clubs.  This guy
		    always knows the best everything.
		    The best guitar store, the best
		    beef ribs, the best Horowitz record,
		    was he always like the...JULIANNE... always.  The best dim sum, the
		    best camping stuff...KIMMYStop, we're embarrassing h...JULIANNE... best valley in New Zealand,
		    best... women's shoes...MICHAELI tried those on.  When you
		    weren't looking.

	Now he's grinning at Julianne.  And she likes that a lot.JULIANNEWhere was that, Florence, huh?MICHAELFirenze.

	Together in the memory.  As Kimmy watches.JULIANNEThe Vespa? Me hanging on behind
		    in the rain all night?MICHAELTill the gas ran out.

	And, the first sniff of left-out...KIMMYI love Florence.

	Julianne's eyes flicker.  Could this be a teensy opening? Keeps
	her eyes, her easy smile, and her killer instincts trained on
	Michael.JULIANNETake her there.

	He nods, okay.JULIANNEI mean, now.  She's perky,
		    she deserves a honeymoon.

	He draws a breath...JULIANNEI heard.  If San Antone sweeps
		    Sacramento.  What is this shit?
		    You gotta get off the road by
		    September anyway, when does Fall
		    Quarter start?

	And the happy couple look at each other.  They are awkward.
	Julianne's heart soar like eagle.KIMMYUh.  I'm not coming back.  For
		    senior year.

	Could this be.  The Mother Lode?JULIANNEDon't architects find a degree,
		    sort of... an asset?

	The couple still staring in each other's eyes.KIMMYWell, the school will be here.
		    Architecture will still be around.
		    Right now...MICHAELI travel every week.  College
		    ball, motor sports, training
		    camps...KIMMYThe most important thing. Is
		    being together.

	And she smiles.  Beautifully.KIMMYI'm just a baby.  I've got all...
		    the time... in the world.EXT.  CLUB - NIGHTMichael putting Kim in the back of a cab.  As Julianne watches.MICHAELBecause I could come...KIMMYTo the twins' soiree?  So they
		    can paw you and drool...?

				JULIANNE (calls out, helpful)
		    They're gonna drool anyway!

	Kim smiles.  He kisses her, tenderly, through the open window.  She
	waves past him at Julianne.

				KIMMY (to both)
		   Enjoy each other.

	And drives off.  As he watches after, Julianne comes up behind him.
	Slips her hand up onto his shoulder muscle.  Starts giving a little
	massage.JULIANNEShould I whistle down a cab?MICHAELHey, cabs are expensive.  I'm
		    cheap, remember?

	Turns his head, to see her.  She's still rubbing his shoulder.JULIANNESometimes.  About the dumbest
		    things.

	Share a smile.  As always, it covers a lot of years.MICHAELThe El's right down the street.
		    Unless you're afraid of the
		    neighborhood.

	She looks around.  It is an issue.  But she remembers...JULIANNENo.  I'm always safe with you.

	She means that.  He takes her by the hand.  They begin walking...JULIANNEPretty amazing girl, you've got.
		    Make that kind of sacrifice.MICHAELWhat, leaving school...JULIANNE... all of it.  She's leaving her
		    family, her friends, everything she
		    knows.  She's putting her career
		    on hold, and she seems a pretty
		    ambitious, driven, kind of pers...

				MICHAEL (quietly)
		    In her way.JULIANNEAll to follow you in this dumb
		    job, where you travel 52 weeks
		    a year to College Station, Texas,
		    and such.  It's not a job for a
		    grown man, Michael, Peter Pan
		    never married.

	He's let go of her hand now.  Looking down at the pavement before
	him, fists in his jacket pockets.

				JULIANNE (softly)
		    I don't think she's naturally
		    the... submissive type.  Aren't you
		    afraid she's gonna choke on this
		    stand-by-your-man shit after awhi...

				MICHAEL (real quiet)
		    No.

	Hit a nerve.  This is promising.JULIANNEI mean Walter owns the Sox, cable
		    sports... most girls in her spot would
		    be angling to get Daddy to offer you
		    some juicy gig right here in t...MICHAELShe would never.  Never.  Even think
		    of that.

	Paydirt.  Julianne's Geiger Counter is going berserk.JULIANNEI guess you're right.  That would
		    be deceitful... manipulative...
		    controlling... emascula...MICHAELI got the point.

	He looks over at her.  No smile on his face.  An edge we haven't
	seen.  She shrugs...JULIANNEStill.  All's fair in love and
		    w...MICHAELThat would be a girl.  I don't
		    even know.

	They've reached the stairs to the El.  A rickety train RATTLES
	above them.  As they start up, she slips her arm around his
	waist...

				JULIANNE (murmurs)
		    Forgive me, okay? I was talkin'
		    crazy.

	He slides his arm around her shoulder.  Pals.  They climb out of
	frame.INT.  HOTEL BATHROOM - LATE NIGHTCLOSE on a shallow pool of water in a bathroom sink.  Green powder
	pouring in, a hand SWIRLING it around, until...JULIANNE (O.S.)It's Albanian, I think.  Or Mongolian.
		    Or Canadian.  One of those.  I bought
		    it downstairs...

	... it becomes truly disgusting lumpy green mud.JULIANNE (O.S.)I figure, what the hell.  Can it
		    make me look worse?

	Follow the hand up as it SLATHERS the shit across her face in great
	green dripping gobs.  She's juggling the wall phone, trying to keep
	it mudless, as she assures Digger...JULIANNEDig, of course.  Of course, of
		    course, of course, of course I
		    have a plan.  Certainment!

	More green slime.  The Julianne we know disappears.JULIANNEHow? I ask myself, what would
		    Lucy Ricardo do in this situa...

	Desecrates three hotel towels, wiping her hand.JULIANNEWell, one worked, once.

	THROWS them in the bathtub.  Fastidiousness a short suit.JULIANNERicky wouldn't let her in
		    the show.

	Reaches for her toothbrush, absently.  All her attention is on the
	conversation and the hideous green face in the mirror.JULIANNEI recall it differently, but
		    we digress.

	Without looking, picks up a tube of hotel shampoo...JULIANNESo in the version, you're Ethel,
		    with better fashion instincts.

	Squeezes it all over the toothbrush.JULIANNEThis puts you in charge of Plan B,
		    the unprincipled and insanely
		    dangerous back-up plan...

	Lifts it toward her mouth, liquid shampoo dripping from the
	bristles.JULIANNEIn case simple lying doesn't work.

	At the last second.  She stops.  We don't know why, because she's
	still never looked at the brush.JULIANNEQuestion.  What happens if you
		    brush your teeth with shampoo?

	Turns on the tap.  Tries to scrub the toothbrush clean, and DROPS
	the phone into the green swamp, which SPATTERS all over her front.
	Euucch.  She's stymied, agitated, circling the sink, leaning down
	to it...JULIANNEHOLD ON.  I'M COMING IN FOR YOU!She sets the toothbrush down in her toiletries kit.  Decides to
	YANK on the phone's cord, and the receiver SPRINGS out, BOPPING
	her in the face.  She's so filthy at this point, she just wipes it
	clean on her nightshirt.  Tells Digger...JULIANNEYou okay? This is one of those
		    problem phones.

	Lifts the toothbrush and tube of paste from her kit.JULIANNERight.  Your role.  You know guys
		    from Sports Illustrated, yes? I
		    mean, you can walk right in there...

	Squeezes on the paste, lifts the brush to her mouth...JULIANNEYou could get access to letterhead,
		    for example.

	JAMS it in her mouth, brushing as...

				JULIANNE (mouthful)
		    ... or even, maybe, their fax.

	Stops.  The funniest look on her face.  Down to the toothpaste
	tube...

	Which says BEN GAY.

	Oh.INT.  TIFFANY'S - MORNINGJulianne and Kimmy cruise the stately display cases.  Everywhere,
	the Tiffany logo, the silent, watchful staff in morning coats.  As
	they browse, Julianne takes a blueberry Danish from a paper sack,
	and begins to eat.

	The staff notices.  So does Kim.JULIANNEIt's an homage thing.

	Hmm?JULIANNEAwkward girls grow up on Audrey
		    Hepburn movies.  You wouldn't
		    understand.

	Kimmy doesn't.  But wipes a blue glob from Julianne's face.KIMMYAnyway, I think you're wrong.

	Wrong?KIMMYWhat you were saying before.

	Before?KIMMYAbout Michael's job.JULIANNEOh, that.  I forgot I even said
		    th...KIMMYI just think you're wrong, is all.JULIANNEProbably am.  Forget I brought it
		    up.

	Points to some jade pins.  Kimmy wrinkles her nose.KIMMYI mean, he loves his job.JULIANNEBad games, bad towns, bad pay, bad
		    flights, bad hotels, real bad food.
		    Homeless, rootless, lonely, maybe
		    your copy gets into one issue out
		    of four...

	Smiles.JULIANNEWhat's not to love?

	None of this is lost on Kimmy.  She's wondered the same.KIMMYBut he always says...JULIANNE... whatever is manly and
		    independent.

	Kim nods slowly.  Way ahead of her.JULIANNEWhy would he trade that for
		    running, say, a big piece of
		    the PR at a powerful, complex,
		    challenging conglomerate like
		    your dad's?

	Kim stares back.  A strange look.KIMMYThat's just the sort of thing
		    my father and I discussed.

	Julianne just blinks.  Amazed.JULIANNEI'm not stupid.  Say, how
		    about this?

	Pointing to tiny golden scissors in the novelty case.  Kim so
	absorbed by the main topic, she has to force herself to focus on...KIMMYFor the twins? What in the
		    world is th...JULIANNEGold nose hair clippers.

	Points to the tiny hand-lettered sign.  Indeed.  Kimmy shrugs, not
	quite it.KIMMYSo you don't think Michael's
		    as happy with his job as...

	Julianne points to a matched pair of large...KIMMYGold dog collars? They don't
		    have dogs.JULIANNEHello.

	Kim nods, oh.  But can't keep her mind off...KIMMYYou think he'd accept?

	Hmm?KIMMYMichael.  A job like that.

	Oh, well...JULIANNEBy any yardstick that involves
		    sanity, it would be the greatest
		    thing that ever happened to him.
		    Present company excepted.

	Kimmy nodding slowly.  Her yearing achingly apparent.JULIANNEOn the other hand, he's proud.
		    Last thing a man wants to admit,
		    is being trapped in a dispiriting
		    dead-end job that can never
		    support a family.

	A very sweet smile.JULIANNEThrow a man a life preserver.
		    He'll say, "Thanks, anyway,
		    I'd rather drown."

	Kim nods again.  Right.  They are so bonded at this moment.KIMMYSo... one almost has to...JULIANNEExactly.KIMMYExactly what?JULIANNEWhat you said.  Make it appear
		    that he's doing you the favor.

	Kimmy bites her lip.  Her eyes go down.  Self-conscious to admit...JULIANNEI couldn't really... do that.
		    After, you know...

	Her voice trails off.

				JULIANNE (kind, but wise)
		    ... lying.  All the time.

	That brings the gray eyes up.  Julianne bats her dark ones...JULIANNEOh, darling, my pitiful desires
		    and ambitions are dirt beneath
		    the manly boots of your priorities!

	Kimmy has to smile small.  A self-awe gal.

				JULIANNE (pouring it on)
		    Two hundred seedy motels a year?
		    Dinners out of vending machines?
		    Waiting for you in vermin-infested
		    corridors of dark crotch-rot locker
		    rooms? This stuff makes me hot!!KIMMYThe very words I've used.

	Julianne 'thinks it over.' Kimmy waits for guidance.JULIANNEWe make Dad your co-conspirator.
		    Michael does a favor for Walter.

	Simple.JULIANNEWalter's reorganizing his public
		    relations, needs a brilliant guy
		    who's close to him, who he can
		    completely trust.

	Kimmy nodding.  Hope overriding reason.JULIANNESo you beg.  Michael, please do
		    this for Daddy, please, please,
		    please, blah, blah, blah... it's
		    only for six months...  it would
		    mean so much to me to help him out...

	Turns up her palms.  Viola!KIMMYHe'll see right through it.JULIANNEOnly.  If he wants to.

	They share a smile.JULIANNEIn six months, he'll be happy,
		    settled, successful...KIMMYHe won't get mad, huh?MR.  MOONEY (O.S.)May I be of any help, whatsoever?

	Mr.  Mooney is the most gracious Brit salesperson ever to offer
	kindness, intelligence and thoughtfulness to a customer.  He is
	large, sixty, with disappearing hair, watering eyes, and a manner
	that makes you think of immediately hiring a butler.JULIANNEBridesmaid gifts for two, well,
		    assertive, outspoken, Tennessee
		    debutantes.

				KIMMY (still focused)
		    He won't be mad?

				JULIANNE (to Mooney)
		    Nothing here seems to quite capture
		    their distinctive personalities.MR.  MOONEYSomething customized, perhaps?
		    We can fashion most any item
		    from gold.

	Ah.  Julianne nodding.  Reflecting.MR.  MOONEYAn object that might represent
		    what is closest. To their heart.

				KIMMY (under her breath)
		    Don't even think dildo.

	Julianne digs through her jumbled bag...JULIANNECould you do this...

	Tossing an object on the counter...JULIANNEIn 24 carat?

	It is a MASTERCARD.  A gold one.

				KIMMY (softly)
		    Bingo.

	They smile at each other.  More bonded than ever.KIMMYYou don't think he'll be mad.

	A beat.  Can Julianne even make herself do this?JULIANNEYour call.  You can live a lie.
		    In a fabulous selection of Red
		    Roof Inns.  Or you can make one
		    desperate stab at hap...KIMMYI just don't want to freak him
		    out.

	What do you think? Julianne stares into the soft gray eyes.  It's
	now or never.  The smile of a dear sister...JULIANNEHow mad could he get?INT.  FASHION RESTAURANT - LUNCH HOURJulianne enters with a really nervous Kimberly in tow.  Approaches
	the maitre d'.  We CLOSE to hear...MAITRE D'Oh, Mr. Wallace and his guests
		    have retired to the humidor.

	Points to an escalator, leading to the mezzanine.  Behind a glass
	wall, what looks like a British men's club.  Thirty guys and a
	billion cigars.  As Julianne starts toward it...MAITRE D'Oh.  Mademoiselle.

	She turns back.  Loves this shit.MAITRE D'It's unofficial, of course.  But,
		    traditionally, the humidor is for
		    gentlemen, only...JULIANNEGreat.  I've got this girlfriend
		    at the Justice Department?  With
		    all this time on her hands?

	Her look is every bit as hard as his.  He gestures to the
	escalator.  She takes Kimmy's hand, and up they go.  We can see
	Walter in a big leather chair, enjoying a major stogie.  Kimmy
	licks her lips.

	They enter.  Every head turns.  A nice range of reactions, from
	offended to attracted and points in between.

				JULIANNE (murmurs)
		    Piece of cake.  I'll hang, and
		    think happy thoughts...

	Kimmy nods.  Heads over toward her father.  Julianne walks,
	confidently, even provocatively, to the wall lined with bins of
	cigars.  Every eye in the place is on her butt.

	She runs her fingers over a few contenders.  Plucks one out,
	examines it, puts it back.  Walks a little farther.  Selects
	another, big and black.  Rolls it expertly in her fingers.  Sniffs
	along its length.

	A guy comes over.  Could be 40, successful, a broker's pin-stripe.
	Nearly as attractive as he thinks he is.GUYKnow what you're looking for,
		    little lady?

	Little lady, huh? She glances at his coven of buddies, who pretend
	not to notice.  Then, straight to the guy's blue eyes.JULIANNEYeah.  Do you?GUYI asked first.

	Ah.  Wit.  She holds up her cigar...JULIANNEI like 'em long and hard.  Kind
		    of... big around.

	Runs it under her nose.JULIANNESmell is important, I'm a believer
		    in that.

	Takes a match from a cut crystal bowl.JULIANNEBut you never know what you've
		    got.  Till you run your tongue
		    over it.

	And she does.  Moistening the full length of the cigar.  The boys
	are laughing openly.  She STRIKES the match.  As she lights up...GUYI meant.  What you're looking for
		    in a man.

	She glances at his wedding ring.  Then, straight into his eyes.JULIANNEActually, I'm partial to married
		    gentlemen.

	The way she says that.  The guy swallows.  We can see some of the
	air has been sucked from the room.GUYWhy is that?JULIANNEIt's so much time.  When I phone
		    the wives.

	Explosive LAUGHTER from the peanut gallery.  As she jams the big
	Clemente Churchill into her mouth, she sees Kimmy waving her over
	from across the room.  Without even looking at the guy she's just
	put away...

	... she crosses the room, Walter stands politely, looking very
	dapper, very powerful, and focusing on her with considerable
	interest.  He waits until she sits on the edge of a costly leather
	hassock.WALTER(simply)
		    Your idea?

	She can't read this guy.  Maybe that's how he built an empire.  She
	nods, yeah.WALTERYou're a woman of insight.

	He sits on the arm of his chair.  Close enough to speak quietly.WALTERMy wife and I love this marriage,
		    and deplore its circumstances.

	He puffs his cigar.  Julianne puffs her.  Kimmy looks on, a kid
	watching the grown-ups...WALTERAs you guessed, my daughter is
		    unhappy about giving up her life.
		    And, in my opinion, cowardly in
		    avoiding the necessary confrontation.

	Then he stops.  As if reading Julianne's eyes.WALTERMike has a world of ability.
		    I'd do anything to have him in
		    my company.

	One more puff.WALTERExcept ask him.

	Julianne is a little stunned.  Kimmy looks helpless.WALTERHe'd resent it.  And me.  And,
		    most important, Kim.

	No smile on his lips.  Straight talk.WALTERHe's a great kid, but he's still
		    a kid.  Instead of recognizing
		    that his resistance comes from
		    insecurity, he'd turn it to anger.
		    To protect himself...

	Spreads his hands...WALTER... from realizing that he's
		    ignoring my daughter's needs,
		    despite how very much he loves her.

	He looks to his daughter now.WALTERThey both have some growing up
		    to do.  But they're good people,
		    they're starting with love.
		    They've got time.JULIANNE(softly)
		    I think you're making a mistake,
		    sir.

	His eyes come back to her.  A little sharply.WALTERAnd that interests me.  How
		    someone who knows him so well
		    could be so wrong.

	A formidable guy.  She meets his gaze.JULIANNESee, I love him, too, as much
		    as anyone here.  And for a
		    whole lot longer.

	From her heart.JULIANNEI think I know best what would
		    make him happy.INT.  TOILET STALL - DAYJulianne, fully dressed, sits on the closed lid of a toilet seat.
	The stall is tiny enough to arouse claustrophobia in an astronaut.
	Her cellular phone pressed to her ear, she is listening angrily,
	smoking ferociously, every call in her body running at red-line.JULIANNEOkay, okay, okay, okay, I hear
		    you, all right?

	She closes her eyes.JULIANNEIt is stupid, dishonest, desperate
		    beyond belief, and can't possibly
		    ever work.  It can only end in
		    humiliation and disgrace.  Now can
		    I say two words?

	Deep drag on the cigarette.  For strength.JULIANNEDo it! Do it! Do it! Do it!
		    Do it! Do it!

	She's striped her gears.  COUGHS horribly.JULIANNEAll right, twelve words.INT.  PUBLIC RESTROOM - DAYJulianne exits the stall.  To face three BLACK TEENAGE GIRLS.  Just
	staring at her.TEENAGER(supportive)
		    You do it, girl.

	Julianne nods to the kids.  They nod back.  Damn straight.  She
	exits the restroom, into...

	... glaring sunlight.  We are in the middle of the BROOKFIELD ZOO.
	And sitting on a bench, eating popcorn from a bag...MICHAELWow.  What was going on in
		    there?

	She shudders.JULIANNESome crazy person.EXT.  ZOO - DAYMichael and Julianne walking together.  He's eating his popcorn.
	She carries a cardboard container with nachos, a gooey fudge waffle
	cone, and a large drink.MICHAELYou're not eating.JULIANNEI never eat when I'm serene.MICHAELYou never eat when you're
		    despondent.JULIANNEI switched that around when you
		    weren't looking.

	She swirls a single nacho chip in cheese.  But her heart isn't in it.MICHAELLast zoo we were in was...
		    Beijing, yeah?  Sure.  The rhinos
		    were fucking.JULIANNEBoy, those were the days.

	And when she looks over.  His eyes are waiting.MICHAEL(softly)
		    Yeah, they were.

	They're passing the hippo pen.  But they don't notice.JULIANNEThat was nice.  The way you
		    said that.

	So was that.  He's feeling restless, something.  Doesn't know quite
	what to say.MICHAELIt's weird being the groom.  All
		    these things Kimmy has to take
		    care of...JULIANNEYou need a baby-sitter.  That's
		    what I'm here for.

	He holds her eyes.  Then looks down.  Awkward.  And the way he's
	doing it begins to excite her.JULIANNESay it.

	He looks up, neither one of them noticing that as they walk, she is
	about to...

	... CRASH into a chest-high metal stand that displays animal facts.
	We have followed him as she is WIPED from frame.  His face from
	shock... to amusement.MICHAELNow, there's my girl.

	... to tenderness.  PAN back to see her wearing everything from her
	cardboard container.  Nachos, fudge sauce, Diet Coke, the works.
	It is really awful.  Kids, bystanders, laughing cruelly.  Her eyes
	fill with tears, and she tries bravely to smile against it...JULIANNESee, I can only do it with
		    beer.

	He takes out his handkerchief.  And with that and his hands, gently
	scoops the worst of the mess off her.  The fact that he's touching
	her breasts and her body is something they pretend not to notice.
	She laughs softly, and a few tears fall, even though she doesn't
	know why.  Such an odd, raw, confusing moment.  To the world
	looking on, they are lovers.MICHAEL(murmurs)
		    See, better already.

	And he kisses her face.  Not quite her lips.  But only an inch away.
	We can feel her heart pounding.  He strips off his shirt, only a tank
	top underneath.MICHAELWe'll go back to the bathroom,
		    you'll put this on...

	Okay? She sniffles, okay.  Swallows.JULIANNEBet you're glad I'm here to
		    take care of you.

	He puts his arm around her.MICHAELBet I am.

	Holds her close, as they start toward the restroom...MICHAELHope that crazy person's not
		    still there.

	We're on their backs...JULIANNE (O.S.)She doesn't scare me.EXT.  BEACH CLUB, LAKE MICHIGAN - SUNSETJulianne in T-shirt and shorts, rushes onto the deck of a sprawling
	beach club.  Clutching her bag, she quickly surveys the scene...

	... the entire beach has been taken over by the wedding party.
	Young folks, old folks, little kids, maybe 200 people.  We SCAN
	with her to find a crowd around...

	... a three-on-three volleyball game.  Kimmy and two groomsmen on
	one side, facing Michael and the Tennessee debs.  The twins wear
	spectacular bikinis and are surprisingly athletic, as well as
	predictably uninhabited.  As the next point begins, Kimmy serves...

	... Sammy in back makes a nice dig, lobbing to Mandy who sets for
	Michael's vicious SPIKE straight THROUGH his best man's hapless
	defense.  The crowd cheers Michael, and as he turns, Mandy gives
	him a savage...

	... CHEST BUMP of congratulation, that any NFL linebacker would be
	proud of.  It puts the surprised Michael straight on his butt.
	Laughter, applause.  The twins pull him up and Sammy gives him a
	hot kiss on his ear that makes the crowd react.  Kim plays good
	sport.  Julianne watches Michael's body for a beat, then...

	... dashes off.  Down the beach, several barbecue grills have been
	set up.  Manned by beach club staff and family alike.  Michael's
	pop, Joe, is dispensing beers from a keg.  Kim's mom, Isabelle, is
	coordinating the beans, potato salad and corn-on-the-cob table.
	Julianne races across the sand to...

	... a huge smoky grill where Walter is basting baby back ribs,
	clearly enjoying himself.  Julianne runs up to him, says something
	into his ear.  He looks at her.  Then turns his station over to a
	club steward, and follows Julianne down toward the lakeside.

	CLOSE now.  As they stroll together, she's a little breathless.
	He's watching her profile, curious, silent.  At the water's edge...JULIANNE(whispers)
		    Is anybody watching?WALTERI hope so.  This is all too
		    mysterious to waste on just me.

	She reaches into her big bag.  Pulls out a single folded sheet of
	paper.JULIANNEI picked up Michael's messages
		    for him, at our hotel.  I stole
		    one...

	His face darkens.  The easy smile fades.  He holds up his palms...WALTERJulianne, reading my son-in-law's
		    mail, is not something...JULIANNESir, this is important! Haven't
		    you ever in your life cut one
		    corner, to make something important
		    turn out right?

	His smile returns.  Just a little.WALTERMatter of fact, that's how I got
		    married.

	The look holds.  She thrusts the paper out.  He still doesn't take
	it.JULIANNEIt's a fax from Sports Illustrated
		    from Ben Isaacson, Michael's boss.WALTER(quickly)
		    I know Ben.

	She opens the paper.JULIANNE"Mike.  We still have no answer to
		    our E-mail of Wednesday.  Which
		    option do you select? I don't mean
		    to rush you, but Personnel needs to
		    tie up the loose ends."

	He takes the paper.  We see it now.  Looks authentic.JULIANNEI think he's been fired.WALTERIt doesn't say th...JULIANNEHe's said some things over the
		    past few weeks.  Look, this is why
		    I came up with the idea of you
		    offering him a job.

	He looks up.  He's listening.  Closely.JULIANNEAnd why I couldn't say anything
		    before in front of Kim.

	She bites her lip.  Seems so earnest.JULIANNEI just think of how... desperate
		    he must be feeling.  He's marrying
		    a rich man's daughter, and he's
		    about to become destitute.  You
		    know the kind of job market he'll
		    be facing?

	He does.WALTERAnd you think he's kept this to
		    himself.JULIANNEHe's too proud to beg for help.
		    And if you wait till this comes out,
		    your offer will be like charity.
		    Completely humiliating.

	He's staring at her.  But his mind is working behind his eyes.JULIANNEIf you do it now, it's like he's
		    helping you.  He can accept with
		    dignity.

	He taps the paper with the back of his knuckles.WALTERThis fax could mean... any number
		    of things...

	She nods.  She knows that.WALTER(softly)
		    Maybe.  I should call Ben.JULIANNEThen it could all come out, sooner
		    or later.  Nobody should be in on
		    this.  Just you and me.  Or, more
		    correctly, I.

	She takes the paper back.JULIANNEWhat if, what if I could find
		    that E-mail?

	The long straight look.  Maybe he's hooked.JULIANNEI never noticed.  Kimmy has your
		    eyes.INT.  LOBBY, RITZ CARLTON HOTEL - TWILIGHTTall, gangly, young DESK CLERK.  Lank hair, pimples.  He looks up,
	beams to see...JULIANNEHello, again.

	She's flirting her ass off.JULIANNEYou still haven't straightened
		    that tie.

	And she reaches across the desk with her lovely, slender hands.
	Does it for him.  Her fingers brush his chest on the way back.  We
	can assume a woody.JULIANNEYou know, my friend, the one
		    whose message I picked up...  ?

	He does.  His eyes flick toward his stately female SUPERVISOR,
	helping another guest across the way.JULIANNEWell, he's still with the wedding
		    party.  And he asked me to get
		    something he needs real badly from
		    his room...  ?

	The boy swallows hard.JULIANNEHe's in 1526.  If you could just
		    let me ha...BOYSee that woman?

	Not only does Julianne see her.  The woman is looking back, while
	she's talking to her customer.  Not a pleasant look.BOYShe said, if I ever pull a stunt
		    like that again...JULIANNEYou'll lose your job...BOY... tear my pecker off.  Is what
		    she said.INT.  HOTEL CORRIDOR - TWILIGHTAn elevator OPENS, revealing Julianne, carrying a gym bag.  She
	looks down the long hallway, sees a maid's cart.  Heads the other
	way, briskly, to...

	... a small ALCOVE.  Opens the gym bag, pulling out a bath towel.
	Begins to yank her top up OVER her head...

	ANGLE... the young MAID now pushing her cart down the hall, wheels
	SQUEAKING, and from nowhere...

	... Julianne DARTS into her path, barely covered by the towel held
	tight across her, she is grinning, blushing.JULIANNEHelp me!

	The maid can only blink.JULIANNEI locked myself out, 1526, please
		    hurry!!

	And looks frantically up the hall, mortified that any moment a
	stranger could happen upon her predicament.  Her eyes dart back to
	the maid.  PLEASE.  The maid just stares.  Stares.JULIANNEUno-cinco-does-ses.

	Oh.INT.  MICHAEL'S ROOM - TWILIGHTJulianne alone in his room, looking around frantically.  No worries
	about this guy making his bed every day, stuff, clothes, strewn
	everywhere, the bathroom looks like a cherry bomb just detonated.
	She's tramping through a bachelor's debris, wearing only her towel,
	looking, looking...

	There it is.  The corner of his LAPTOP sticking out from beneath a
	discarded bedspread.  She SNATCHES it up, OPENS it, sets it on the
	cluttered desk, and...

	... stops.  There are wallet-sized SNAPSHOTS of Kimmy.  Some alone.
	Some as a little girl.  Some with Michael.  And next to them...

	... the plastic fold-out wallet inset.  That he has not yet quite
	rearranged.  So she picks it up.  Leafs through, until she finds
	what she was praying would be there...

	... Julianne grinning.  Michael's arm around her.  On the deck of a
	boat.  They have drinks in their hands.  Happiness in their eyes.

	And she stares at it.  Jesus, God, how long has he carried this
	around?  She flips through further, all the rest have her in them.
	Maybe half a dozen.  Her heart is throbbing.  Her eyes are damp.

	Back to the one on the boat.  She slips it from the plastic window.
	Holds it.  Then, gently...

	... puts it back where it belongs.  PUNCHES up the goddamn laptop.
	This is it, girl!  Do or die.JULIANNE(murmurs)
		    You wouldn't change your
		    password, would you?  You
		    never change anything.

	Those words make her bite her lip.  Damn, I'm becoming a senti-
	mental slob.  TYPES in...JULIANNE(murmurs)
		    Shoeless... Joe.

	Yes!  We're in!  Punching keys.  Letters flying across the screen.
	Okay, we're ready.  Types...JULIANNE(reads as she types)
		    Mike.  I hate this downsizing
		    shit as much as you do.  But I
		    know this can't become as a
		    complete surprise...INT.  BEACH CLUB CARD ROOM - EVENINGThrough the window, the wedding party barbecue has extended into
	night.  Lanterns, music, lots more food, lots more drinks.  In the
	distance, on the sand, Michael is slowdancing with Kimmy.  Some-
	where nearby, the soft CLICKING of keys.  We PULL BACK to see...

	... a small clubby room.  Books, leather, polished woods.  Only
	two people here.  Walter, looking on stony-faced, as a determined
	Julianne grimly "struggles" to "find" what she's looking for in
	Michael's laptop.  And then...

	... she stops typing.  Looks at the text on the screen.  Her eyes
	sharpen as she "reads" what Walter can't see.  It's an Oscar
	performance for our desperate girl.  She turns the screen around...WALTER(reads)
		    Mike.  I hate this downsizing...

	He reads.  Reads.  Reads.  All the air comes out of him.WALTER(softly)
		    And Kimmy doesn't know.

	She shakes her head.  Nope.  No way.WALTER(signs)
		    I'll tell her I've reconsidered.

	She nods, gravely.  Right.  He looks in her eyes.WALTERYou're a smart girl, Jules.

	She forces up a fleeting smile of gratitude.  But Walter isn't
	smiling at all.WALTERWish my daughter.  Bad your
		    guts.INT.  CHARLES TROTTER'S BAR - NIGHTThe hot saloon in Chinatown.  Upscale, downscale, jammed, Michael
	and Kimmy at a small table in a far corner.  CLOSE on them...MICHAELSure you're okay?

	She looks really scared.  Turns her drink in her hand.  Looking
	down at it.MICHAELIt's not just a gag, huh?KIMMYNo, it's, uh... a real big favor.

	He takes her hand, tenderly.MICHAELI wish you'd just... come out
		    with it.  I mean why are we
		    waiting for Jules?

	She smiles up at him.  The best she can.KIMMYMoral support.

	She loves him so much, and she is sick with worry.KIMMYWhat's good of having a big
		    sister, if she...

	Stops.  Gestures with her eyes.  Because her big sister has just
	entered...

	... looking fabulous.  Julianne wears a long sleek sarong, slightly
	see-through.  Her hair is bound up with silver pins.  As she moves
	through the room toward us, we can see that, for once, her make-up
	is flawless, understated.  When she arrives at the table...

	... Michael is beaming, admiringly.  He stands up.MICHAEL(softly)
		    Wow and wow.  You have a date,
		    after this?JULIANNENever can tell.

	He holds her chair.  She exchanges an intimate smile with the
	anxious Kim.MICHAELYou make me think of that song,
		    we used to...

	And he starts humming.  The song is, "The Way You Look Tonight."MICHAEL(singing)
		    Someday.  When I'm awfully low...

	They sit.  He looks from Julianne to his bride.MICHAELOkay, kid.  You're on.

	Kim's eyes flick to Julianne, who nods, supportively.  The kid
	takes a breath.KIMMYIt's really my father.  Who
		    needs the favor.

	His face sort of comes to a stop.  Nothing she can read, yet.  He
	nods, yeah...?KIMMYHe's... he's reorganizing some of
		    the divisions of the company...

	His eyes flick to Julianne.  She looks down.MICHAEL(quiet)
		    He never mentioned that.  Neither
		    did y...KIMMY(blurting)
		    ... and public relations is a big
		    problem area for him.

	She can see it now.  In his eyes.  She just can't tell how bad.KIMMYHe needs someone incredible,
		    someone really close, who he
		    can trust...MICHAELLike family, huh?

	So quiet.  So cold.  She is terrified.KIMMYIt would only be, maybe, six
		    months? Or three or four? It
		    would mean so much to him...MICHAELTo him.

	She swallows.  Straightens her spine.KIMMYAnd to m...MICHAEL(sharp, to Julianne)
		    ... and you knew about this.

	Real quiet.  Against the noise of this place.JULIANNEI think you ought to listen to
		    her, Michael.  This is her life,
		    too.

	Just the thing.  To bring that anger near the surface.  He turns
	to Kim...MICHAELWell, which is it?

	A demand.  Sharp.  Accusing.  She doesn't like that...MICHAELYou gonna tell me Daddy thought
		    this one up? All of a sudden, I'm
		    the only jerk alive who can help
		    him deal with the press?

	She's trapped.  Angry, scared.  A deer in headlights.MICHAELWhy don't you start being honest
		    for one fucking sec...JULIANNEMichael!!KIMMY(near tears)
		    I am honest!

	Silence.KIMMYAll of a sudden, I'm supposed to
		   drop out of school, forget my
		   family, forget my career, forget
		   all the plans I had for my life...MICHAELWell, forgive me for screwing up
		    your plans!

	He can't even believe he's hearing this.MICHAELI'm sure glad I'm hearing all
		    this now, before it's too late!KIMMYWhat is that sup...MICHAELAnd what am I supposed to do with
		    my life, huh? I am 28 years old!
		    I work in a low-paying, low-status,
		    zero-respect job which,
		    unfortunately, I happen to fucking
		    love.  How inconvenient.

	Shrugs.MICHAELNo problem.  A little bullshit
		    about Daddy's "needs," and presto,
		    I'm a lap dog in high society.JULIANNE(softly)
		    Michael, it sounds like a
		    wonderful opportun...MICHAEL(whips around)
		    Does it, really? How come you
		    never took some sell-out
		    establishment job? You had plenty
		    of chances!

	Glares in her eyes.MICHAELI'll tell you why.  Because that
		    isn't you.  And it isn't me,
		    either!  We're the same person!

	Back to Kim...MICHAELWhat a sweet little picture.  Mommy
		    and Daddy aren't losing a daughter,
		    they're gaining a eunuch!KIMMYWell, if that's the way you f...MICHAELDamn straight, it's how I feel!
		    What's their wedding gift, a little
		    gold collar that says "Mikey-poo"?
		    Or do I have to change my name to "Binky"?

	She's crying now.  Real tears on her face.MICHAELGreat!  Tears!  The big equalizer.
		    You wait till two days before the
		    wedding to drop this on me, and
		    I'm just supposed to roll over and
		    drool!

	She is sobbing now.  She can't help herself.  Which makes him
	totally crazy.  He jumps up.MICHAELFine.  I'm an insensitive, chauvinist
		    asshole, and you're well rid of m...KIMMYMICHAEL!!A wrenching cry from her heart.  It stops him cold.  And before
	Julianne's astonished eyes, Kimmy reaches out a trembling hand...KIMMYMichael, you are so...

	Choking back the sobs.KIMMY... so right.  And I am so very
		    wrong.

	Michael blinks.  Julianne blinks.  For different reasons.KIMMYWe can't go down two roads.  And
		    still be together.

	Her fingers stretch, beckoning.JULIANNEUh, Kimmy...?KIMMY(ignores her)
		    We settled this.  And I reneged.
		    That wasn't fair.

	Please, please, take my hand.KIMMYYou have to forgive me, and forget
		    this ever happened...

	People are watching, staring.  These two see only each other.KIMMY... or I'll die.

	A frozen, forever moment.  He steps to her...

	... LIFTS her up in his arms.  Into the deepest, most heartfelt
	KISS.  And as she clings to him, people begins to APPLAUD, and
	whistle, and laugh.

	Julianne.  In her pretty dress.  Closes her eyes.INT.JULIANNE'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHTJulianne in her nightshirt, her back to us, sobbing into her
	cellular as she paces the room...JULIANNE... see that's what I never
		    counted on! I never heard of
		    a brilliant moron before!

	We CLOSE as she WHIPS around, startling us with her grotesque day-
	glo PURPLE face mask.  The green was better.JULIANNEI mean, the little twerpGROVELED!!Losing it.  We know the drill.JULIANNESHE IS SO WRONG FOR HIM!Clutching the phone.JULIANNEMichael and I are the same person!
		    Self-absorbed and imperfect and
		    vaguely loveable! We deserve
		    each other!

	Tears are flowing.  Which, over this mask, is not a pretty sight.JULIANNEI'm out of hope, I'm out of sneaky
		    ideas, I'm at the end of my
		    rapidly-fraying hysterical little
		    rope!  Help m...

	She TRIPS over an open suitcase, and DISAPPEARS from frame.  The
	THUD is slightly alarming.JULIANNE (O.S.)God, I hate this hotel.

	HOLD.  On nothing is particular.JULIANNE (O.S.)And I hate talking to your machine!INT. JULIANNE'S ROOM - EARLY MORNINGREAR VIEW of Julianne asleep on the floor, sunlight streaming in.
	A soft knocking on a door, somewhere nearby.  She barely stirs.
	The knock becomes a strong RAPPING, and she fights for conscious-
	ness.  Her back still to us, she...

	... rises, STUMBLES to the door, which is now pulsing with an
	insistent POUNDING, and THROWS it OPEN, as we SNAP to...

	REVERSE ANGLE... CLOSE on Julianne's face, still encased in a now-
	decomposing PURPLE MASK, her eyes SPRINGING wide, she SCREAMS in
	shock, and we SNAP BACK to...

	ORIGINAL ANGLE... Digger, watching impassively at the high-strung
	SHRIEK.  In the silence that follows...DIGGERYou stole my line.

	He touches his face, and she realizes!JULIANNEOh, shit!

	Starts CLAWING at the overripe mask, but he grabs her wrists.DIGGERChill.  We don't want your face
		    coming off with it.JULIANNEChill?  Since when do you say
		    ch...DIGGERWhen I'm talking to children.

	She looks in his eyes.  Realizing at last.JULIANNEYou flew all the way h...DIGGERI noticed.  I'm on the noon back.
		    We have this thing with George's
		    family in the Hamptons.JULIANNE(soft)
		    You're butting in.

	He still holds her wrists.  She brings one of his hands to her
	lips.  Kisses his knuckles.JULIANNE(softer)
		    I really resent this.INT.  BATHROOM - MORNINGJulianne seated at the sink, staring into the mirror, as Digger
	gently applies soup, cloth and water to easing away the mask.  A
	paleontologist restoring a Bronze Age artifact.  By the side of the
	half-filled sink, rests her plugged-in curling iron.JULIANNEWhat I mean, when I say annoyingly
		    perfect, is that there is nothing
		    annoying about her perfection.
		    It is vulnerable and endearing.
		    And that is annoying as shit.DIGGERYou like her.JULIANNEIf I didn't have to hate her, I'd
		    adore her.

	She looks up at him and WINCES, as the movement makes him scrape
	her face.  He's sorry.JULIANNELast night, she was crying, these
		    big, real tears, when she thought
		    she'd lost him.  It was like there
		    was a knife in her heart...

	Looking in his eyes.  Needs him to hear.JULIANNE... and I put it there.  I hated
		    myself, I grieved for her, I
		    couldn't enjoy one second of it!
		    And then, when it didn't work...

	Can you believe this?JULIANNEI was devastated.DIGGER(softly)
		    Go figure you.JULIANNEBecause I realized.  When I see
		    him say "I do," that knife will
		    be in my heart.  And it will be
		    there every...

	She holds his wrists now.  To stop him.  To plead for
	understanding.  Forgiveness.JULIANNE... every time I think of him,
		    forever, which could be a lot.

	She almost choked on that last part.  So she composes herself.JULIANNEYou watch a guy caress his
		    girlfriend's butt.  You see an
		    Old Spice commercial.  Sentimental
		    moments are everywhere, when
		    you're in the right frame of mind.

	She swallows hard.  Fights for a grip on her determination.JULIANNEThere are 18,250 nights in the
		    next 50 years...DIGGERYou've been working on this, huh?JULIANNE... and having "done the right
		    thing" will only really be
		    comforting, oh, maybe, five,
		    six times.

	She sets her jaw.JULIANNEThis is my whole life's happiness.
		    I have to be ruthless.DIGGER(quietly)
		    And you believe that.JULIANNE(unconvincing)
		    Sure.

	His eyes are gentle and merciless at once.  No way she gets off
	this hook.JULIANNEHe was in love with me every day
		    for nine years.  I can make him
		    happier than she can.DIGGERIt's not his happiness you're
		    feeling guilty about...JULIANNE(proudly)
		    I don't know the meaning of the
		    word guilt!DIGGERImpressive.JULIANNEI am breaking her heart in the short
		    run, but doing her a gigantic favor!
		    She would be miserable tagging
		    along after this insensitive doofus!DIGGERThe man you love.JULIANNEBeyond reason.  The feminist
		    warrior will rise up in this kid,
		    and she'll be standing over his
		    sleeping form with a butcher
		    knife, selecting from a short
		    list of body parts!DIGGERSomeday she'll thank you.JULIANNELet's not get carried away.

	And the defenses drain from her clay-ravaged features.  The real
	Julianne is glimpsed.JULIANNEI'd settle for.  Someday, I'll
		    forgive myself.

	For...?JULIANNEFor doing this terrible thing.

	Her eyes tear up.JULIANNEWhich, by the way, I can't
		    figure out how to do.

	As the tears fall, he wipes at them, discovering...DIGGERJesus.  You're supposed to take
		    your make-up off before you
		    apply the m...JULIANNEI KNOW THAT!  I WAS DISTRACTED BYGRIEF!Oh.JULIANNEGuess what I brushed my teeth
		    with last night?

	He thinks about this.  Following her eyes to the toiletries kit, he
	browses for a moment...DIGGERZit cream?JULIANNEI wish.DIGGERNeosporin?JULIANNETry less appropriate.DIGGERBen Gay.JULIANNEThat was Thursday.

	He stops on that note.DIGGERElmer's Glue?JULIANNEDON'T BE RIDICULOUS, WE'RE HAVINGA SERIOUS CONVERSATION!She's hysterical.DIGGERI give.JULIANNEI can't even say it.

	Now.  He's curious.JULIANNEA hint.  The first word is
		    "Preparation." Then comes a
		    letter of the alphabet,
		    perilously close to G.

	She reaches to test her curling iron, BURNS her finger, SHIT!
	KNOCKING the appliance into the half-filled sink.  She LUNGES for
	it, and a terrified Digger GRASPS her arm...DIGGERConsidering the circumstances,
		    I'm not wholly against suicide...

	Huh?DIGGERJust not by electrocution in
		    front of me!

	Oh.DIGGERI've got this noon flight.

	He reaches to pull the plug from the wall, and now she LUNGES to
	grab his arm, slipping, her face falling forward, stopping an inch
	above the sink.JULIANNEHow do you know you can touch
		    that plug? Are you a licensed
		    contractor?DIGGERWhat do you suggest?

	She looks from the plug down the cord, to the submerged curling
	iron.  And back.JULIANNEMaybe they just seal off this
		    room.  They have others.

	He's staring at her.  Sweet, but intense.DIGGERI didn't mean about that.

	Oh.  Again.JULIANNEIf I hear the words "tell the
		    truth," or any paraphrase thereof,
		    I dive into the sink and pull you
		    with me.

	Looking at her.  Looking at her.DIGGERLet's go meet Michael.  I'll
		    wait downstairs.INT.  ARMANI - MORNINGJulianne has cleaned up pretty good.  She sits with Digger on a
	fashion-fabric sofa.  They are side-by-side, studying something
	with equal concentration.  And slight concern.DIGGERI suppose it's too late to
		    start over.JULIANNEIt's too late to start over.

	PULL BACK to reveal Michael in his wedding tux, submitting to a
	final fitting from a stylish fitter.MICHAELYou guys are heartless, my
		    bride picked this out.JULIANNELike I said, dazzling.DIGGERIs she going to dress you
		    every day?

	Michael smiles over.  Digger smiles back.  They live each other.MICHAELYeah, it's in the contract.DIGGER(softly)
		    Well, then, I'll take it up
		    with her.

	Michael motions, okay, c'mon over.  Digger rises, goes to Michael,
	the fitter steps back as Digger shows him...DIGGERThe cut here, here... this
		    line...

	Fingers lightly traveling over the lapel, the side-stitching, the
	cloth straight down the spine...DIGGER... trouser width, this is all
		    classic.  Which means safe,
		    something I'd wear.MICHAELI should look different.DIGGERYou should look like you
		    dressed yourself.

	Yes? Michael's grin is back.  Playful and friendly.MICHAELAnd I'm supposed to respect
		    your fashion tips, because
		    you're what, a New Yorker?DIGGER(quiet smile)
		    Something like that.

	Julianne loves that the boy are getting on.MICHAEL(means this)
		    Long trip.  Pretty nice of you
		    to come.DIGGERWell, I'm close to her.  I wanted
		    to meet the one that got away.

	Said so naturally.  That embarrasses Michael, who looks down, his
	smile suddenly awkward.DIGGERWhat?MICHAELI'm just glad someone finally put
		    this thing in its proper perspective.

	Steals a glance at Julianne.  She rolls her eyes.  What a goofball,
	my outrageous friend.MICHAEL(to Digger)
		    Stay, huh?DIGGERI honestly wish I could...MICHAELI'll call George's parents.
		    Tell them I need a best man who
		    actually looks after me.

	Julianne comes over.JULIANNE(softly)
		    They'd say that's my job.

	She runs her hands over his jacket, smoothing it everywhere.  With
	tenderness that approaches transparency.  Glances back at Digger...JULIANNEI'll take it home from here.

	Pinches Michael's ear.  Looks in his eyes.DIGGERTwo words.JULIANNEMajor.  Dish.DIGGERManicure...

	She looks down.  Michael's nails are unclipped, with layers of
	impacted dirt.  She touches his fingertips, a little more softly
	than she may have intended.DIGGERFly.

	Everyone looks down.  She ZIPS Michael up.MICHAEL(to Digger)
		    You don't miss much.DIGGERPart of being a New Yorker.INT.  HAIR SALON - MORNINGCutting edge salon.  Loud, PULSING MUSIC.  Digger and Michael in
	adjacent chairs, heads back, each smoking impressive cigars as
	their hair is styled.  Digger's stylist is a hot trashy female.
	Michael's is a tall, flamboyant male in a day-glo vest.

	Each man has one hand soaking, the other being worked on by a
	manicurist, so Julianne goes from one to the other, removing their
	cigars so they can exhale.  A seraglio feel to the way she does
	this.

	Now she's arguing with Michael's stork-like stylist.  We can't hear
	over the music, but she keeps tugging on Michael's hair, pretty
	passionate about her point of view.  Suddenly, she GRABS the
	scissors to do it herself, and Michael...

	... BOLTS out of the chair.  WHOA!EXT.  O'HARA AIRPORT - DAYSkycaps, guests of impatient travelers, a bus offloading forty
	Japanese tourists.  A taxi cuts off a van to reach the curb.  Out
	jumps...

	Michael.  Opening the door for Digger and Julianne.  Digger says
	something, Michael gives him a strong HUG.  Julianne raises one
	finger to Michael, back in a second.  Leads Digger off by the hand.

	CLOSE on them now.  Alone in the throng.JULIANNEBye, handsome.

	Digger just stares at her.  Those maddening judgemental eyes.JULIANNEYou're going to say it, aren't
		    you?DIGGERTell him you love him.  With
		    all your heart.JULIANNEI'm taking my next book to
		    Viking.DIGGERTell him you've loved him for
		    nine years, but you were afraid
		    to realize it.JULIANNEI'm moving this book to Viking.DIGGERTell him you're afraid of love.
		    Afraid of needing.JULIANNENeeding.DIGGERTo belong to someone.

	He touches her hair.DIGGERWe all do, beautiful.  I'm sorry
		    about that.

	Staring in her eyes.  Even Julianne has run out of words.DIGGERTell him you know this is the
		    worst, dumbest, cruelest moment
		    to do this to him.  But there
		    it is, and he has to choose.JULIANNEAnd what will he do?

	Digger isn't smiling.  His voice low, beneath the crowd...DIGGERHe'll choose Kim.  You'll stand
		    by her at her wedding.  You'll
		    kiss him good-bye.  And you'll
		    go home.

	He holds up one finger.  Almost touching her nose.DIGGERThis is what you've come to do.
		    Now do it.

	Wow.  She looks frightened and moved, all at the same time.  She
	kisses him on the lips.

	And walks away.  He watches her go through the crowd.  Take
	Michael's hand.  Lead him back toward the taxi.EXT.  SKYLINE CRUISE BOAT - DAYThe skyline of Chicago moves past us.  Slowly.  The NBC Tower,
	Cityfront Center...MICHAEL (O.S.)Big weddings are so strange.JULIANNE (O.S.)You keep saying that.

	Up ahead, the Wrigley Building draws closer...MICHAEL (O.S.)Kim has all this stuff to do,
		    I hardly see her.JULIANNE (O.S.)Well, you've got the rest of
		    your lives.

	REVERSE ANGLE... they lean on the rail of a cruise boat, easing down
	the Chicago River.  Wind-blown.  Close together.JULIANNEGetting your bed made.  Every
		    day.

	They smile at each other.  Seem so comfortable together.JULIANNEYou miss her, huh?MICHAELNo.  I've got you.

	She nods.  That you have.  Staring in her eyes...MICHAELDon't you throw up on boat?JULIANNEIf you like.

	And she LURCHES over the railing, emitting a BARRAGE of incredibly
	disgusting sounds, her feet FLAILING in mid-air.  He laughs, as he
	pulls her back down to the deck.  Of course, it was all a joke.  He
	brushes back her hair.  Sighs.  Stares.MICHAELI've been thinking a lot the
		    last couple days.  About us,
		    actually.JULIANNE(casual)
		    Have you.

	He has.JULIANNEWell.  There's a lot of memories
		    to choose from...MICHAELIt's more than that.

	That tightens her throat pretty good.  When she tries to speak, out
	comes a dry CROAK that makes him laugh again.  Softer, this time.MICHAELI mean, it's embarrassing to
		    say it this way, but...

	He stops.  Her eyes WIDEN in a burlesque of anticipation.  So he
	smiles.  She knows how to put him at ease.MICHAELYou've sort of been... y'know,
		    the woman in my life.JULIANNE(straight back)
		    You've been the man in mine.

	Passing under the Michigan Avenue Bridge.  No one knows quite what
	to say.MICHAELAnd I was thinking this could be
		    our last time.  Alone.  Together.
		    You know?JULIANNEExcept for the hot affairs we'll
		    have twice a year.MICHAELExcept for that.

	She's smiling so easily.  Who would guess her stomach is double-
	knotted.MICHAELI can hardly wait for your
		    wedding.JULIANNEMe either.

	She watches his surprise.MICHAELBoy, I never thought I'd hear you
		    say that.  Can I come?

	She holds herself together.  Real soft with...JULIANNEI couldn't have it without you.

	He's glad to hear that.  And then...MICHAELIt's normal to have... second
		    thoughts, huh? To be scared.

	Is this a change of direction? Or is it the direction she's been
	praying for.JULIANNEI wouldn't know.  I never had
		    that many first thoughts.MICHAELI mean, you commit to a wedding.
		    And then it seems like... this...
		    momentum, you know?  You forget
		    you... chose it.

	She nods.  Understands.MICHAELYou and I.  I mean, in all our
		    relationships with other people...
		    We didn't use the word "love"
		    a lot, did we?

	We didn't.MICHAELKimmy says.  When you love someone.
		    You say it, you say it out loud.
		    Right now.  Or the moment...

	Long beat.MICHAEL... passes you by, yeah.  She's a
		    smart girl.

	Off in distance, the Centennial Fountain SHOOTS an eight-foot JET
	of water across the river.  For Michael and Julianne it goes
	unnoticed.MICHAELWe don't have a song.

	Hmm?MICHAELKimmy and I.  We don't have a song.
		    Is that a bad sign?

	All Julianne can do is shrug.  Then...MICHAEL(sings, softly)
		    Someday, when I'm awfully low...
		      And the world is cold...

	She doesn't want to cry.  So she puts all the strength she has into
	fighting it back.MICHAEL(sings)
		    I will feel a glow just Thinking of you...
		      And the way you look.  Tonight.

	He stops.  Smiles that sweet, boyish smile.MICHAELDance card filled?JULIANNEI'll check.  I have it on
		    powerbook, these days.

	He holds up his arms.  And she moves into them.  He begins to dance
	with her, turning so slowly.  And, yes, people are watching.MICHAEL(sings in her ear)
		    With each word, your tenderness grows,
		      Tearing my fears apart...

	She holds him closer.  Bites her lip.MICHAEL(sings)
		    And that laugh
		      That wrinkles your nose,
		    Touches my foolish heart.

	He stops.  He looks at her.  She's still in his arms.MICHAELWhere did we first hear th...JULIANNE(straight back)
		    The night we met.

	Right to his eyes...JULIANNEThe night we fell in love.

	He doesn't know what to do with that.MICHAELSo we heard it... like, right
		    that... that first...JULIANNEWe danced to it.  Just like this.

	Just like this.  A long beat.  And he has to say...MICHAELI won't lose you, will I?

	Her eyes close.  Then open.  Utterly lost in his.JULIANNENo.  Because I won't let you.INT.  WALLACE ENTERPRISES - DAYJulianne in crisp chalk-stripe trousers and a buttoned-up dress
	shirt.  Her coat slung over her shoulder, she wanders through
	the Saturday-deserted office space.  Desks, cubicles, monitors,
	silent.  A row of executive offices standing empty, waiting for
	the custodian.  Turning a corner, we hear...

	... life, at the end of the hallway.  A grand conference room with a
	glass wall.  Walter, in shirtsleeves, running a strategy meeting
	for five.  DEIDRE, his personal secretary, clicking every word into
	her laptop at warp speed.  Walter sees Julianne through the glass.
	A comic take of pleased surprise.  He comes out to greet her...WALTERI thought Michael was picking
		    me up.JULIANNEI told him, get the important
		    stuff, Kim's ring.  I'll collect
		    the inconsequentials.

	Meaning, you.  They smile at each other.  Then...WALTERKim said, when he turned down
		    the job, there was no friction.

	Julianne thinks back.JULIANNEFriction.  No.

	He smiles at her line reading.  But his mind is always probing.WALTERI haven't caused... a problem,
		    have I?JULIANNENobody has.  So far.

	Her bright grin.  His eyes linger on it.WALTERWell, you're a little early...JULIANNEI need to make some calls.
		    Could I use... your office?INT.  WALTER'S OFFICE - DAYJulianne enters the spacious corner office, high above the city.
	Closes the door, quietly, behind her.  So anxious, she is
	practically hyperventilating.  She goes, slowly to the vacant
	cherrywood desk.  Its computer and monitor standing silent.  She
	is stalking it, like a deadly animal.  And then.  She is there.

	Talking to herself, her own desperate support network...JULIANNE(softly)
		    You can do this.

	Sacred, filled with doubt and conflict.  Her hands clutch at each
	other.  Then, one flicks out.  And the computer goes ON.  The
	screen GLOWS.  Waits for her.  Her mouth is sand, her stomach
	water.  She pulls the paper from her pocket...

	... looks at it.  Looks to the monitor.  And begins.  To type...JULIANNE(mumbling to herself)
		    E-mail address.  To Ben Isaacson,
		    Senior Editor, Sports Illustrated,
		    from... Walter Wallace.

	And stops.  Her heart is thumping.JULIANNESee, you can do it.  It's easy.

	Doesn't look easy.  Licks her lips.JULIANNEYou do it fast, it's over.  Like
		    it never happened.

	She sits.  And recites as she types...JULIANNEBen.  I need a favor.

	Here we go.  This is it.  Types...JULIANNEMy daughter's every happiness.
		    And my wife's.  And, least of
		    all, my own, are in your hands.

	Nods, okay.  Breathing hard.  Types...JULIANNEKnowing you value our friendship,
		    and the... cooperative
		    relationship between our companies...
		    I am hopeful of your help.

	Touch, that.  Thinks.  It has to be.  Types...JULIANNEI have offered Mike O'Neal, my
		    new son-in-law, a great opportunity
		    in my company.  This would also
		    enable my daughter to settle in
		    Chicago, near us, and pursue her
		    dreams and plans.

	Almost there.  Almost.  Types...JULIANNETo his own detriment, as well
		    as ours, Michael will not accept
		    our offer.  While he works for you.

	She stands up.  Stares at the screen.  Walks away.  Walks back.
	Still standing, types...JULIANNEMy daughter joins me in this
		    plea for your cooperation and
		    discretion.

	Is there a SOUND?  Outside the door.  She HOVERS over the ESCAPE
	key.  Waits.  Waits.  Silence.  Types...JULIANNEWith gratitude.  For your
		    understanding.  Walter.

	She hits a KEY.  The screen goes BLANK.  The computer asks... DO
	YOU WISH TO SEND?  She tells the computer...JULIANNEAre you crazy?  Get him fired?

	Types NO.  The computer asks HOLD FOR LATER? And she types YES.JULIANNEJust till tonight when I bring
		    him back.  To look for...

	She glances to her huge bag.  Rummages through, pulling out a manila
	folder.  Lays it by the blank computer.  Fans out a few pages in a
	natural, disorderly way.  Takes a step back...

	And stares.  Struck to her gut.  But when she has done.INT.  CONFERENCE ROOM - DAYWalter alone with Deidre now, signing a stack of documents, as she
	efficiently places one after another before him.  When he glances up,
	he sees Julianne wandering the halls.  Stands, tells his secretary...WALTER(going through stack)
		    Off to rehearsal.  Send out this,
		    and this, not this, this, and...
		    that's it.

	Slips on his coat.  Oh... and by the way...WALTERI'm holding four or five E-mails
		    I wrote over lunch...

	On his way through the door...WALTERSend 'em out.INT.  CHAPEL, UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO - DAYJulianne and Walter enter the rear of a striking Gothic CHAPEL,
	pastel light slanting in through stained glass windows.  We now
	see the full effect of her outfit, a man's-style chalk stripe SUIT,
	tailored to fit her body, set off by a bold silk tie.  Solid
	dynamite.  She hangs back, while Walter proceeds down the vaulted
	nave toward...

	... Michael, Kimmy, Isabelle and Joe, who stand casually joking by
	the altar.  Scattered around are assorted groomsmen, ushers, an
	obvious flowergirl.  Coming toward us, up the aisle...

	... the MINISTER, early 40s, lean and quite attractive.  Mandy is
	HANGING on his arm, pressing her body against him as they walk,
	murmuring urgent murmurs close to his ear.  He's a really good
	sport, and really uncomfortable.  Sammy is walking backwards,
	right in front of them, DROPS her bag, and BENDS to retrieve it, as
	if oblivious to major cleavage on immediate display.

	Julianne is so lost in her own anxiety, she doesn't even notice,
	until...MANDYReverend Dyer, this is
		    Kimberly's somewhat butch
		    maid of honor...SAMMY... Mr. Julianne Potter,
		    prominent New York drag queen.

	Today, the girls' voices are charmingly musically Southern, with
	none of the extreme accents we heard at the shower.  The minister
	extends his hand...MINISTERBilly Dyer, Julianne.  And I
		    love the suit.

	She shakes his hand, smiles graciously, but her eyes flick to
	Michael, now approaching up the aisle.  The girls lead the minister
	away.  Michael arrives.  Looks her up and down.MICHAEL(softly)
		    Takes me back.JULIANNEWell.

	She smiles.  One that glows a little.JULIANNEYou sang the song.  Least I
		    could do was wear the outfit.

	He nods.MICHAELExcept now you're better-
		    looking.

	Oh, yeah?  Yes, ma'am.  As she loses herself in his eyes...MICHAELI got the ring.

	He pulls the box from his pocket.  Somewhere, an ORGAN sounds.  And
	as he is about to hand her the box...MANDY/SAMMY(sing)
		    Swi-i-ng low-ow-ow...
		       Wee-ee-eet Char-i-ot...

	Such exquisite two-part harmony, Michael stops to watch.MANDY/SAMMY(sing)
		    Comin', to car-ryyy
		       Me ho-o-o-me...

	It is amazing.  Soulful vengeful sluts.  He is enthralled.  Julianne
	simply impatient.  She wants his attention.JULIANNENo accents today.MICHAELYeah, Kim told me they were
		    giving you their Dueling
		    Scarlet's act.  Actually,
		    they're sophomores at Juilliard.

	She takes the box from his hand.  Opens it, as the singing CONTINUES
	throughout.  The ring is delicate hammered gold.  One of a kind.MICHAELWill she like it?JULIANNE(whisper)
		    Yes.

	She's staring at the ring.KIMMY (O.S.)My groom-person!  Your family
		    needs you!

	His master's voice.  He gives Julianne a smile.  And goes.  She's
	left with the box.

	Gazes at the ring.  Lifts it out.MANDY/SAMMY(O.S., singing)
		    Well, I look over yon-der,
		       And what did I see-ee-ee?

	Slips it on her left hand.  Ring finger.MANDY/SAMMY(O.S., singing)
		    Comin too car-ryyy.
		       Me ho-o-ome...

	Touches it.  Turns it on her finger.  So many emotions.MANDY/SAMMY(O.S., singing)
		    It was a hand.  Of a-a-angels.
		       Coming' for me-e-ee...

	Tries to pull it off.MANDY/SAMMY(O.S., singing)
		    Comin' for to carry me home.

	It won't come.  Not even close.INT.  CRAB HOUSE - NIGHTCLOSE on a bowl filled with squares of butter.  HEAR the butt of
	conversation from a rowdy, friendly joint.  Julianne's right hand
	REACHES to the bowl, fingers trace the rim innocently, then...

	... SLIDE the bowl into Julianne's lap beneath the table.  Her right
	hand MASSAGES all the butter into a gooey revolving mess.  We can
	pick out familiar voices now, family in distance, the twins closer.
	As, hidden from view, Julianne brings...

	... her left hand from her pocket.  Yep.  The ring is still there.
	The finger already red and swollen from pacicky efforts to pull it
	off.  And as APPLAUSE surrounds us, Julianne...

	PLUNGES her ring finger into the morass of grease, frantically
	TEARING at the ring, butter SPLURGING on her pants, everywhere, as
	we PULL BACK to see...

	... the long table covered with butcher paper, the family at the far
	end, the twins down here with us, a mug of beer for each place, as
	team of waiters with heaping platters of CRABS, which they...

	... FLING across the butcher paper, as APPLAUSE continues from
	everyone but Julianne, who still struggles secretly.  As the waiters
	set huge wooden MALLETS in front of each guest, Joe O'Neal rises,
	POUNDS the table with his mallet for attention.JOELike to welcome ever'body to
		    our little rehearsal supper...

	He COUGHS, unaccustomed to public speaking.  Walter and Isabelle
	clap and call out support.  So Joe lifts his mallet...JOEOkay, everyone stand up!

	And everyone does.  With one exception.  Trapped.  She JAMS her
	left hand in her coat pocket, SMEARS her right palm sort of clean
	on the underside of the table, GRABS her mallet and JUMPS UP.JOETo the bride, uh, goes the
		    honor... of cracking the first
		    crab!

	Everyone applauses by banging their mallets.  Joe RAISES his high.
	Everybody imitates.KIMMYBut first, a toast!

	And everybody SNATCHES up their beers with their left hands, as
	Julianne DROPS her mallet with a HORRIFIC CRASH, grabbing her beer,
	looking up to...JULIANNE(on the spot)
		    I'm right-handed.

	A hugely embarrassing half-second.  Bailed out by...KIMMYTo our host, my cuddly Papa
		    Joe.

	All turns.KIMMYWho taught me to play "Blue
		    Hawaii." On my nose.

	With a look at Julianne, Kim sets down her mallet gently, and
	performs a nasal HUM of the tropical standard, strikingly her nostril
	repeatedly for vibrato.  It is charming, and everybody watches.INT.  HOTEL BALLROOM - LATERCLOSE on an actual, living, if geriatric, LION.  He blinks from his
	cage, bored as hell.  HEAR the surrounding noise, chatter, LOUD
	Sinatra music, of a very large party.  PULL BACK to see...

	... and overdecorated BALLROOM, in dim and dramatic lighting,
	dripping with the trappings of ANCIENT ROME.  The mingling guests
	are the neatly one hundred females of the wedding party, most of
	them older women.  They are served by wandering well-built ATHLETES
	in Roman togas or gladiator costumes.  PAN TO...

	...  Julianne, still in her suit, hiding by a table piled with a
	carload of grapes.  Her left hand still buried in her pocket.  The
	eyes of a hunted animal.  From nowhere...MANDY/SAMMY (O.S.)Boo!!!

	She JUMPS a foot, both hands FLYING UP, left one awkwardly slamming
	back into its pocket.  The girls have snuck up behind her.  They
	have changed into hot gowns that are really only wide ribbons
	wrapped around their bodies.MANDYI know why you're scared of our
		    party.  It's too hip.

	Sinatra singing "Stranger In The Night." Hugely-muscled, half-naked
	black and white studs, serving enchanted blue-haired ladies.SAMMYKimberly wanted to tickle the
		    grandmas, so we figured, give
		    'em a cheap thrill.  Walter
		    supplied the decorative
		    touches...SAMMY(points out the jokes)
		    Nose tackle from the Bears...
		    power forward from the Bulls...
		    defenseman from the Black
		    Hawks... my personal favorite,
		    the designated hitter...MANDY... I'm partial to the tight end.SAMMYThis is USDA Prime, largely
		    available, beef.  With no notice-
		    able competition, present company
		    excepted...

	Now they stare at her.  With identical, really odd, smiles.SAMMYAnd yet here you are.  All
		    celibate and reclusive.MANDYWith those big, dark, haunted eyes.
		    As if you were harborin' some...
		    unspeakably... guilty... secret.

	Oh.JULIANNEWell, I'm worried about something.

	Something.  Their expressions are deliciously, identically
	expectant.JULIANNEOh.  I left this really important
		    file in Walter's office.  I have
		    to send my editor some...

	Some...JULIANNE... figures.  On territorial sales.
		    To close my book deal.

	Uh-huh...JULIANNESo Kim gave me the key.  And
		    Michael's on his way, to drive
		    me down to Wal...SAMMYOh.  We thought it was the ring.

	Julianne blinks.  Ring...?MANDYThe one you better get the fuck
		    off your third finger left hand.

	Ah.  That ring.JULIANNEWell.  See.  That was a...
		    reflex to see if it would...MANDY(helpful)
		    ... look good on Kimberly.JULIANNERight.  And then it didn't want
		    to come off.  Exactly.SAMMYMaybe it's happy there.MANDYOh the way out of the crab house?
		    We asked Michael if we could see
		    the ring?SAMMYHe said you told him.  It'd be
		    safer with you.MANDYAn so it is.

	Julianne for once is speechless.  To our amazement, the girls wear
	identical smiles of kindness and support.MANDYShut up, sugar, he's on his way.
		    Let's get to work.INT.  HOTEL KITCHEN - NIGHTHuge gleaming chaotic kitchen.  Cooks, waiters, working at top
	speed.  The three women RACE in, look around frantically, half the
	guys stop to ogle the twins.  CUT TO...

	ANGLES... and industrial-sized jar of peanut butter.  Julianne's hand
	PLUNGES in, halfway to the rolled-up sleeve at her elbow.  SMOOCHES
	it around, real good.  PULL BACK to reveal...

	... she is surrounded by the twins and six guys, all SHOUTING
	conflicting instructions.  Julianne FLINGS off the excess SLOP.
	Tugs for all she's worth...EIGHT PEOPLETWIST IT!  TWIST IT!Nada.  It won't budge.  A sous chef WIPES her hand with a towel, a
	janitor CRASHES a tool kit onto the counter.  THROWS it open, pulls
	out...

	... a spray can of WD-40.  Instantly, her hand is BLACK.  The guy TUGS.
	No movement.  He can't believe it.JANITORIt's mental, lady, you ain't
		    trying!

	Sammy is rummaging through her handbag, pulling out...SAMMYThere is nothing so tight, this
		    can't help it...

	... a tube of jelly.  The letter K-Y.  Julianne just gives her a look.
	Mandy pushes through with a butcher's CLEAVER...MANDYI saw this on Hard Copy.  People
		    cut off body parts and the
		    hospital sew 'em back o...

	The look has turned toward her.JULIANNE(cold)
		    I saw the show.MANDY... well, maybe it works on
		    fingers, too.FLOWER GIRL (O.S.)Aunt Mandy...?

	Everybody turns.  The little girl in the doorway.  Southern accent...FLOWER GIRLMr.  Michael's here.

	Everything gets real quiet.  Mandy takes charge.  She rolls down
	Julianne's left sleeve, RIPS the hem out of the cuff, so that it
	flaps down over her hand, covering the ring.  Sammy wipes the black
	stuff from Julianne's fingers.MANDYDon't worry, baby.  You could
		    pick your nose with that finger
		    and Michael would never notice.
		    He's a man.

	The twins lead her off.  We're on their backs for...MANDY (O.S.)Personally, I think Mr.  Michael's
		    marrying the wrong girl.SAMMY (O.S.)You're much more his type.EXT.  DOWNTOWN STREET - NIGHTVIEW through a heavy glass door of the empty, dimly-lit lobby.
	PULL BACK to see Julianne, just as she...

	... KICKS the shit out of the glass! Almost breaks her foot.JULIANNEI can't believe this!

	PULL BACK farther to see Michael still trying keys from a large key
	ring in the heavy lock.  Sign over the door says WALLACE ENTERPRISES.
	Traffic hustles by, oblivious to her suffering.MICHAELIt's no big deal, she just gave
		    you the wrong keys that's s...JULIANNEISN'T THERE A GUARD?  A JANITOR?A FUCKING CLEANING WOMAN? I'LLTAKE A BURGLAR!  SOMEBODY'SGOTTA BE IN TH...And she SLAMS her whole BODY against the glass, making it rattle ominously.JULIANNEWHERE'S A BRICK?  FIND ME AGODDAMN BRICK!!She looks around wildly, hysterical.MICHAELWhat is the big deal about
		    getting this file tonight?

	A good question.  She needs a good answer.JULIANNEI promised Digger I'd E-mail him
		    those figures.

	From his face, that wasn't it.JULIANNEThey are very important figures.

	Apparently.  He's just staring at her.JULIANNEI'm up against a deadline.MICHAELMe, too.  I'm getting married
		    tomorrow.JULIANNEThat's my point!!

	Now.  He really doesn't get it.JULIANNEI mean, tomorrow... we'll all be
		    busy with more important things.
		    So...

	So?JULIANNE... tonight's my last chance.

	He sighs.MICHAELI forgot how cute you look.  When
		    you get impossible.JULIANNEIt's just... up there... right in
		    front of Walter's... y'know, computer.
		    If memory serves.

	Helpless.JULIANNEWe could use... his computer, to...
		    just E-mail those suckers right ou...MICHAELTomorrow is Sunday.  Nobody's doing
		    business.  Crack of dawn, Monday,
		    Walter'll take you up there...

	Her eyes fill with tears.  He is mystified.  Smiles tenderly.MICHAEL(softly)
		    Give it up, kid.

	Touches her hair.MICHAELYou can't win 'em all.

	And slowly, he takes her hand.  Leads her way.  She takes one
	backward glance at the locked door.  Her last dream dies.INT.  LOBBY, RITZ CARLTON - NIGHTMichael and a disconsolate Julianne board the elevator.  He presses
	15, she pushes 11.  Michael carries a handful of messages slips and
	an envelope.  As the car starts up, she folds her arms across her
	chest, at the edge of tears.  He doesn't know what to do.MICHAEL(gently)
		    Listen up, huh? Even if you blow
		    this deal, how big could it be?JULIANNE(voice nearly cracking)
		    You're right.  Easy come, easy go.

	He's really concerned, can't bear to see her so upset.MICHAEL(softly)
		    Jules?

	She won't look at him.  She wants to die.  The bell RINGS, the doors
	open to her floor.  She just walks out.

	And he follows.  They stand now, she with her arms crossed, lip
	trembling.  She can't believe how close she is to losing it.MICHAELThis thing means that much to
		    y...JULIANNEIt means a lot.

	He nods.  Okay.MICHAELI'll call the house, Walter's
		    probably not even asleep...

	Her mouth drops.  She can't believe this.MICHAELI'll drive you out there, we'll
		    get the key, we'll go back to
		    the office...

	She THROWS her arms around his, HUGGING him so hard, so close.  He
	laughs, she is so weird.  She pulls back, beaming, glowing.MICHAELCome on, we'll call from your
		    room.

	She claps his hand.  As they head down the hall...MICHAELIf I fall asleep on the altar
		    tomorrow...

	He's trying to flip through the message slips in his free hand...MICHAEL... you better be there to...
		    funny, these are all from Ben.

	She's at her door, turning the key.  He looks at the envelope.MICHAELThe fax is from Ben, too.  Man,
		    it's my wedding, and my boss can't
		    leave me alone...JULIANNE(entering her room)
		    ... maybe it's congratulations.

	He follows her in, opening the envelope.  Stops.  Reads.  And his face
	suddenly... freezes.  To stone.JULIANNE(turning to him)
		    Michael? What ha...MICHAEL(reading)
		    Mike.  I can't believe I'm doing
		    this to you on the night before
		    your wedding.  But I think you
		    need and deserve to know...

	And he looks up to her.MICHAEL... what you're marrying into.

	He hands it toward her.  She takes it, hesitantly, and he walks past.
	Toward the phone.JULIANNE(reading)
		    I received the following E-mail
		    this afternoon... "Ben, I need a
		    favor.  My daughter's every
		    happiness...  "

	Her eyes BUG OUT of her head.  Holy shit! We can hear him DIALING the
	phone.  She keeps reading, it's all there.  How did this happen?MICHAEL (O.S.)Isabelle?  I need to talk to
		    Kim...JULIANNE(reading)
		    "Mike, the funny thing is, he's
		    offering you a gig you'd be
		    stupid to turn down..."MICHAEL (O.S.)I'm just tired.  Please put her
		    on?  Thanks.JULIANNE(reading)
		    "Maybe you should take the job.
		    And dump the girl."

	And when she turns...MICHAELJules.  Could you give me a
		    minute?

	He looks more sick than angry.  As if the heart has just been cut
	out of him.  She doesn't know what to say or do, so she just stands,
	staring dumbly.MICHAELPlease?

	She nods, stumbles out of her room, closing the door behind her.
	Now she's in the empty corridor, clutching her big jumbled bag,
	sinking down to sit on the carpet, her back against the door.

	She doesn't look elated.  She seems frightened, distraught, and
	most of all, confused.  Because she can't understand why.  She digs
	absently through her bag.  Cigarettes.  Box of matches.

	She lights up.  Draws deeply.  Somehow, she seems near tears, and
	laughs bitterly at that.  Shakes her head at how fucked-up she finds
	herself.  Squeaking wheels approach, but she is too lost to hear them.BELLMANMiss, are you locked out,
		    or something?

	She looks up.  A small, wiry man of nearly 60, in a slightly faded
	but neatly-kept uniform.  On his cart, a ton of bags.JULIANNENo, I just stepped out, because...
		    it's a non-smoking room.

	And inhales deeply.  Leans back against the door, to look up at him
	more comfortably.BELLMAN(politely)
		    Well, it's non-smoking floor,
		    too.  Maybe you could go to the...JULIANNE(seriously)
		    Why don't you have me arrested?

	That wasn't sarcastic.  He doesn't know what to say.JULIANNEI mean that.  Arrested, convicted,
		    put in solitary.

	Another puff.JULIANNESee, I'm a dangerous, criminal
		    person.  I do bad things to
		    honest people.  This, see, this
		    smoking?  Tip of the iceberg.

	Waves her hand.JULIANNEMake a citizen's arrest, I won't
		    struggle.  It'll be like getting
		    Al Capone on tax evasion.

	Now she seems angry.  But not at him.  Her eyes fill with tears.BELLMANCan I... Can I help you, miss?

	She squints at his nameplate.JULIANNEDo you smoke, Richard?BELLMANYes, ma'am, I do, but it's...JULIANNE... a non-smoking floor, yeah.
		    Well, you know what?

	And she takes the cigarette from her lips.  Turns it around, holds
	it out to him.  Go ahead.  He doesn't move.  Please! And so...

	... he reaches down, takes the cigarette from her hand.  Staring in
	her eyes, he takes a deep drag.  Savors an expert nostril-inhale of
	his exhaled smoke.  Hands the cigarette back to her...BELLMANMy grandmother always said,
		    "This, too, shall pass."

	She swallows.  Wipes at her eyes.  Finds a smile.JULIANNEThanks, Richard.  If you weren't
		    on duty, I'd buy you a drink.

	He just nods.  She waves.  He waves back, pushes his cart down the
	hall.  As she watches him go, the door behind her suddenly OPENS,
	and she...

	... FALLS through it, flat on her back at Michael's feet.  Staring up
	at him, seeing that he looks as bad as she feels, she takes raw, deep
	drag.JULIANNEWhat happened?MICHAEL(softly)
		    It's over.

	And crouches down.  Close beside her.  The cigarette drops from her
	hand, unnoticed on the carpet.  So he lifts it, crushes it on the
	heel of his shoe.MICHAELI want you to quit this shit,
		    it'll kill you.

	She just nods, obediently.  Okay, I will.MICHAELShe denied it.  Said I was crazy
		    and paranoid.JULIANNEA bad combination.

	He tries to smile.  It's really hard.MICHAELThere's this big brunch tomorrow
		    morning?  At her place.

	He lets the air out.  Slow.  So he won't cry.MICHAELShe said "How can I call everything
		    off, what do I tell everybody?"

	Shakes his head.  Can you imagine that?JULIANNEMichael...MICHAELNo, it's for the best, it really
		    is.  We were so wrong for each
		    other.JULIANNEMaybe tomorrow, you'll feel dif...MICHAELThe job thing would have broken
		    us up, eventually, anyway.  She
		    couldn't have lived with it.  I
		    know that now.

	Julianne nods.  Maybe that part is right.  Maybe it would have
	ended anyway.  Maybe she can pretend she's not a monster.MICHAELAnd she's right, I'm crazy to
		     fall for someone.  I hardly
		     knew.

	Looks deep in her eyes.  He's so glad she's there.MICHAELHey.  You still got that ring?

	She holds up her left hand, the flapping sleeve falls away.  The
	ring is on a finger that is swollen and raw.JULIANNEI tried it on.  But it won't
		    come off.

	He smiles at that.  A sad smile of friendship.  Then takes her
	finger gently...

	... into his mouth.  It is something like a kiss.  And when he
	removes her moistened finger...

	... he pulls the ring OFF.  Nothing to it.  She blinks.JULIANNEIt's mental, you know.

	He doesn't understand that.JULIANNEShould we take a walk?  Or
		    maybe some food sent up, or
		    something...MICHAELI just want to be alone.  Is
		    that okay?

	She nods, sure.  He kisses her cheek.  Stands up.MICHAELMaybe I'll go back to New York.
		    Hang with you for awhile, huh?
		    Ben'll understand.

	She nods again.  Whatever you say.  He steps into the open doorway...MICHAELOr we'll go somewhere.  If you
		    have the time.JULIANNEIf San Antonio sweeps
		    Sacramento...

	They smiles at each other.  For real.JULIANNEI've never been to Texas.

	Imagine that.  The look holds.  Just above a whisper...MICHAELThanks for coming to my wedding.

	And then he's gone.IN.JULIANNE'S BATHROOM - LATE NIGHTJulianne brushing out her hair in the bathroom mirror, eyeing her
	image with evident dissatisfaction, as she listens to the receiverRINGING.DIGGER (V.O.  MACHINE)Digger and George are with
		    family in the Hamptons until
		    Monday morning.  Brevity is even
		    more in order than usual.BEEP.JULIANNEHey, handsome.  Brevity this...

	Her eyes find the pack of cigarettes.  Next to her toiletries kit.JULIANNE(softly)
		    I won.

	Her fingers touch the pack.  As if an object of significance.  Takes
	it up.JULIANNEAmazing, huh?  I didn't do things
		    quite your way.  But... I got it
		    down.

	Cradling the phone against her shoulder, she carefully tears the top
	of the pack completely open.JULIANNEAnd forty years and nine grand-
		    children later, when I sit with
		    Michael on some rustic porch,
		    slogging through our sweet swamp
		    of nostalgic memories...

	Reaches the pack toward the toilet.JULIANNENo one is going to sweet the
		    details...

	Turns it upside down, emptying a dozen cigarettes into the john.JULIANNEOf one weekend in Chicago.

	Drops the lid with a CLATTER.  Hits the FLUSH.JULIANNETalk about celebration...

	She lifts a tube from her toiletries kit.  Stares at it, real
	close.JULIANNEI'm gonna brush my teeth with
		    actual toothpaste.

	Turns it over, reads all the writing.  Yep.JULIANNEI guess I'm too exhausted to
		    feel the elation I so richly
		    undeserve...

	Squeezes some paste onto her brush.  Carefully.JULIANNESo I'm gonna hold calls at the
		    desk... while I get my...

	Start brushing.JULIANNE(around, her mouthful)
		    God, it is toothpaste, they
		    should sell this stuff
		    commercially! Anyway, a girl
		    does need her...

	Squints at her image.  Laughs, spewing a little foam.JULIANNE... well, we're a bit past
		    worrying about beauty sleep.
		    Let's just settle for not
		    frightening small animals.

	She SPITS.  Tells Digger's machine...JULIANNEAnyway, I couldn't have done
		    it without you.  Even though I
		    did, if you follow that.

	Wipes her mouth.  Stares off.  The eyes a little dreamy.JULIANNEThree words:  Happily.  Ever.
		    Well, you know.SMASH CUT TO:INT.  BEDROOM - MORNINGJulianne sprawled all over the bed, mouth open like a carp,
	sleeping mask against the daylight.  A sudden RAPPING at the
	door, and she...

	... sits BOLT UPRIGHT.  Utterly disoriented, until she pulls off
	the mask.  Stumbles out of bed, walking toward the firm KNOCKING,
	when...

	... it stops.  A message slip SLIDES beneath her door.  She lifts
	it, barely conscious.  This wakes her up.  In one.JULIANNE(to the slip)
		    You're going where?EXT.  WALLACE ESTATE - DAYJulianne climbs from her taxi.  Only slightly in awe, she sets off
	past the reflecting pool, which fronts a mansion of graceful stone
	and timber.  It's a hike today, because the circular drives is
	clogged deep with Bentleys, Mercedes, and waiting limos, vying for
	space with a score of delivery vehicles of all kinds, maintenance
	trucks, catering and florist and food vans.INT.  GREAT ROOM - DAYJulianne escorted into an enormous room, where brunch is in
	progress for more than a hundred.  She looks from the vaulted
	ceilings, to the frescoed walls, the inlaid floors, the massive
	pipe organ above the stone staircase, the oil portraits of Scottish
	ancestors and their favorite dogs.

	Isabelle has risen from the main table, and comes to her.  All
	smiles.  Julianne is in the Twilight Zone.  What are these people
	laughing about?  Do they still think there's a wedding?ISABELLEJules.  We're so glad you
		    slept in.

	Takes her arm graciously.  This woman would make Anne Bancroft look
	coarse.  As they walk...ISABELLENow, you have a choice.  The idea
		    is bride and groom shouldn't see
		    each other on the magic day...

	Julianne looking all around.  Magic day it seems to be.  Where the
	bell is a bride or a groom?ISABELLESo Michael stays put in the garden.
		    Kimmy stays in here...

	Pointing.  THERE she is, obscured by a cluster of the appropriately
	fawning.  She has the same hunted eyes and false, slightly manic
	smile Julianne wore yesterday.  This, at least, makes sense.ISABELLE (O.S.)... and the guests go back and
		    forth.  Where will you start?

	CLOSE on Julianne.  Watching the brave, frightened bride.JULIANNEShe looks tense.ISABELLE(O.S., calmly)
		    Nerves.  I would never have
		    guessed.EXT.  ROSE GARDEN - DAAYA steward leads Julianne to the edge of an expansive rose garden,
	altogether elegant and comfortable with its long white picnic
	tables, where nearly a hundred guests casually dine, served by
	rolling carts.

	There, at the head table, Michael staring at us.  He looks like a
	poor attempt to cover a hard night.  She locks onto his eyes.  What
	the hell is going on? He looks helpless, miserable.  She gestures
	with her head, follow me.  Stalks off.EXT.  SCULPTURE GARDEN - DAYBronze abstract pieces, some quite large, face a huge set of
	children's swings, regulation playground size.  Julianne sits in
	one, moving slightly back and forth.  Trying to hold on to her
	temper and her sanity.

	In the distance, trucks are winding their way to and from the pond,
	where crews are setting up tents, lights, heaters for tonight.  The
	circus has come to town.  When she looks back...

	Michael approaches.  Before he can draw a breath...JULIANNEI had the craziest dream last
		    night?  Walter and Kimmy had
		    asked your boss to...MICHAELLook, I came down here to face
		    everybody.  I didn't want to
		    slink away like some coward...JULIANNEBut the Scotch salmon was so
		    fucking good, you decided to
		    stay for brunch!MICHAELShe hasn't told anybody, what
		    am I supposed to do?JULIANNEGet married, apparently.

	She comes OFF the swing, PUSHES him back two feet.JULIANNEWhat the hell are you thinking
		    of, the goddamn wedding is SIXO'CLOCK!!He swallows hard.  Trapped.MICHAELThis is her family and her
		    fault.JULIANNEAnd your point?MICHAEL(ten years old)
		    Well.  How come she didn't...JULIANNEBECAUSE SHE'S AS CHICKENSHIT ASYOU ARE, YOU MORONS ARE MADE FOREACH OTHER.He just blinks.MICHAELHey.  This is a serious matter.

	Thank you.  She POKES his chest, punctuating...JULIANNEI'll be right back.INT.  KITCHEN - DAYA modern take on the Medieval castle kitchen, towering ceilings,
	dark wood, copper pots hanging, a series of walk-in coolers and
	freezers.  The place is a madhouse of activity, as prep cooks
	slice, chop, sort, every kind of food imaginable, and delivery
	teams bring more.

	The girls walk through.  Alone together in the eye of the
	hurricane.  Kim choked with excess sentiment...KIMMYLook at all this beautiful food,
		    so lovingly prepared...JULIANNEThey'll eat it anyway, you ever
		    been to a walk?

	Kimmy's lip trembles.  This is not how she thought of her wedding.
	The din is so horrific, Kimmy leads them into a walk-in meat
	locker.  Even here, two BUTCHERS are dressing Eastern-fresh corn-
	fed carcasses.JULIANNEYou guys want to give us a
		    minute?

	The men blink at each other.JULIANNEWe'd like to be alone with
		    our pork.

	On that basis.  They leave.  Kimmy sits on a stack of packaged
	frozen fowl parts.  Stares up with big, sweet, wet eyes.KIMMYHow's he doing?

	Julianne cannot believe this.JULIANNEWho?  The jerk who's running
		    your life?KIMMYThis must be... very, very,
		    hard on him.JULIANNEWhat with the psychosis and
		    all, yeah.

	Leans in.  Listen...JULIANNEWhen are you gonna come clean
		    with your folks?KIMMYDon't you see...JULIANNEIf you're waiting for "Do you
		    take this man?", that's
		    considered poor form.KIMMY... that this is all my fault?

	Stops Julianne cold.  Your fault.KIMMYWhatever delusions I drove him to,
		    there is truth at the heart of it.
		    I want him to work for my father.
		    I want to stay in school.  I want
		    a life of my own!

	Harder and harder for Julianne to push.  Her mouth is dry.JULIANNEYeah, well, lots of couples are
		    imcompat...KIMMYI love him.

	Fragile and strong at once.  A plea.KIMMYTell him it's my fault and
		    that I love him.

	A long beat.JULIANNEI'll be right back.EXT.  TENNIS COURT - DAYThe court has become a giant holding pen for tonight's BALLOONS.
	There are maybe a billion in assorted colors already blowing in all
	directions, under clear plastic sheeting which has ben spread
	across the top of the court's chain-link fence.

	Michael stands outside the court, clutching the chain link like a
	prisoner, as Julianne comes through the gate.  From somewhere, we
	hear high, squeaky, alien voice-like SOUNDS.  Incongruous
	against...MICHAELHow is she?

	Julianne absorbs this.  As the bizarre SOUNDS continue, she WHIRLS
	around...JULIANNEKNOCK IT OFF!!!We now see three STONER COLLEGE GUYS, who have been filling the
	endless array of balloons from helium tanks at center court.
	Clearly, they've been inhaling their working materials.STONER KID(Minnie Mouse)YES, SIR!A Nazi salute.  When she turns back...MICHAELI asked you...JULIANNEShe admits it's her fault.

	He absorbs that.  And then...MICHAELDo you think she still loves
		    me?

	We watch the struggle inside her.  Her voice drops...JULIANNESure, she does.  She's crazy
		    about you.

	Now tears stand in both their eyes.  The stoners are doing their
	Alvin and the Chipmuks impersonation festival in the B.G., singing
	in castrato harmony.  But our two don't notice.MICHAELI keep asking, how can I explain
		    what happened? And I keep
		    getting that same answer all
		    night long.

	Which is...MICHAELI can't.  And it doesn't matter.
		    I drove her to it, because I
		    want things my way.  And even
		    if she did something tricky and
		    unfair... she was blinded by
		    love, okay?

	Julianne swallows.  For obvious reasons.JULIANNEDoes that make it right...MICHAELLove doesn't have to be right.
		    It just has to be love.

	The stoner are now helium-crooning "Bridge Over Troubled Waters."
	Actually, they're getting better.MICHAELShe's giving up half her life
		    for me, and I'm bitching because
		    it hurts her.STONERS(singing)
		    Sail on silver girl
		       Sail on by...MICHAELShe's a saint!  And I'm a
		    worthless ingrate!STONERS(singing)
		    Your time has come to shine,
		       All your dreams are on their way...MICHAELTell her.  I'll marry her at six
		    o'clock, if she'll still have me.

	The stoners blend on the high note.  It's pretty moving.JULIANNEI'll be right back.INT.  ORGAN LOFT - DAYPAN along a gigantic serpentine stack of wedding presents.  Nearly
	twelve feet high, the pile curves along the balcony, high above the
	diners in the Great Room, extending al the way to...

	... an organ loft.  Alone, above the noise of the party, Julianne
	and Kimmy have just reached the top of the staircase.  Trapped
	between ten tons of lavish gifts and the keyboard of the mammoth
	organ.  Dwarfed by their surroundings, Kimmy draws the hardest
	breath of her life...KIMMY(whispers)
		    So.  What did he say?

	Julianne's eyes move over the young girl's face.JULIANNEHe said.  Marry me.

	Kimmy YELPS in her ecstasy, FLINGING herself against Julianne, and
	they go DOWN full length across the organ's pedals, BLASTING the
	room with a MONSTER CHORD of china-rattling volume and horrifying
	disharmony.

	As grown men and women SCREAM in spontaneous terror below, Kimmy
	begins to...

	... LAUGH.  And KISS and hug her new sister.  And holds her tight.EXT.  WILLOW POND - DAYJulianne and Michael walk the gravel path beside a breathtaking
	POND, ringed with WILLOWS that dig heavy branches to the water's
	surface.  He is relieved, reflective.  Head down, he never notices
	that she is...

	... dangerously freaked.  Too petrified even to hyperventilate,
	we're lucky she's breathing at all.  We watch her life unraveling
	before her glassy eyes.MICHAEL(never looks up)
		    Thank God you were here.JULIANNE(mumbles to herself)
		    Oh, yeah.MICHAELI was so confused, so conflicted,
		    so... unstable.JULIANNEWell, it happens.

	They pass an expanse of lawn which has become the event parking
	area.  Family vehicles, delivery trucks, service vans.  Everything
	that couldn't fit on the circular front driveway.MICHAELI might have thrown away...

	Searching for the right words.JULIANNE... your one chance for true
		    happiness?MICHAEL... yeah, that.JULIANNEYou never want to do that, see,
		    that's always a... costly
		    turnover.  As they say in the
		    sport biz.

	There's a vague Stepford Wife quality to her voice.  He hears that
	now, and looks at her.  Maybe he can't tell she's frightened.  But
	he can tell she's something.MICHAEL(softly)
		    Are you okay?

	She stops walking.  She can't look at him, so she looks around.
	Across the lawn crews are moving equipment into the brightly-
	colored tents, unfolding and setting up stacks of tables and
	chairs, raising the poles between which all those balloons will be
	strung.  At the center of it all...

	.... a huge topiary White Sox batter, just completing a murderous
	swing.  He's maybe fifteen feet tall.  She points to it...JULIANNEThe Big Hurt, huh?MICHAELNellie Fox.  Walter likes the
		    past.  And he likes the little
		    guys.

	So Julianne nods.  Because she does too.  Squints up at Michael.JULIANNEGot a minute?

	He nods, you bet.  Worried for her.  What is this? She looks in
	another direction, and we now see that we have nearly reached...

	... a stage that's been set up for the band.  Chairs, music stands,
	sound equipment.  A gleaming dance floor, already in place over the
	lawn.  Next to it, a shimmering white GAZEBO.  Like the centerpiece
	of a wedding cake.JULIANNEWhy is the dance floor by the
		    gazebo?

	She takes his hand.  They walk toward it.MICHAELKimmy's idea.  She thought it
		    would be such a romantic place.
		    For our wedding dance.

	Looking down at her.MICHAELWhat's up?JULIANNEShhh.

	Up the white steps now.  Together.  The gazebo floor has been
	covered with hardwood.  The perfect place.  For a wedding dance.
	And Julianne...

	... turns, suddenly.  He almost runs into her.  She is staring up
	at him, so strangely, their bodies only inches apart.  He is caught,
	transfixed by the intensity in her eyes.JULIANNEI have to say this quick, okay,
		    or I'll have this massive
		    coronary and you'll never have
		    to hear it.  Which you need to.
		    Does that make any sense at all?

	The coronary part does.  We can feel her heart beating from here.MICHAELJules, what's wrong...JULIANNEThis is the dumbest thing I will
		    ever do.  So dumb, in fact, that
		    I can't.  I don't think.

	And then, she does.  She puts her hands flat on his chest.  Looks
	in his eyes.JULIANNEMichael, I love you.

	A heartbeat passes.JULIANNEI've loved you for nine years,
		    but I was too arrogant and
		    scared to realize it.  Now I'm
		    just scared.

	He stares at her, dumbstruck.  She moves even closer.JULIANNEI know this comes at an
		    inopportune time, but I have to
		    ask this one really gigantic
		    favor, okay?

	Holds her breath.  And...JULIANNEChoose me.  Marry me.  Let me
		    make you happy.

	And in a half beat of excruciating silence...JULIANNEI know.  It sounds like three
		    favors.

	His eyes are loving.  They care for her.  She swallows, lost in
	them.JULIANNEBut when you think about it...

	Slides her arms around his neck, and raises her mouth...

	... to his.  The most beautiful kiss she will ever offer.  All of
	her heart is in this, and as his hands touch her body...

	... a SCREAM rips the world to pieces.  They whirl to see...

	... KIMMY, halfway up the path.  Her hands across her mouth, as if
	to stem the horror that pours forth as she SHRIEKS from her soul,
	and...

	... runs.  Back Down the path.  Michael BOLTING after her, SHOUTING
	her name.  A frozen moment, and...

	... Julianne TAKES OFF after him.  All three running, SCREAMING
	their various emotions at the top of their lungs, as workmen stop
	to watch from neighboring countries.

	Kimmy, staring from halfway there, has an insurmountable lead.
	LEAPS into her convertible and PEELS OUT, just TEARING up the
	gravel as she ROCKETS out of sight.  No way to catch her.  Still...

	... Michael is racing for the cars.  Julianne, sprinting her guts
	out, losing ground with every stride.  Michael JUMPS into a
	Cherokee...JULIANNEMICHAEL, DON'T, YOU'LL NEVERCATCH HER!!He GRINDS the gears.  She keeps RUNNING.  His engine FIRES.JULIANNESHE HAS TOO BIG A LEAD AND SHEDRIVES LIKE A RABID ANIMAL!!!He BLASTS OFF.  She keeps going.  Gasping for air, clutching her side,
	she's dying here.  Slams into a florist's truck, looks inside, shit!
	Next, a butcher's van, looks inside, Jesus!JULIANNE(to the world at large)DOESN'T ANYBODY LEAVE KEYSANYMORE?  WHATEVER HAPPENED TOTRUST??Up ahead, Michael has STALLED the Cherokee.  She still has a chance,
	DASHES to the next van.  BORNSTEIN EXTERMINATION, a handsome
	rendering of a rat above the TOXIC MATERIALS warning FLINGS the
	door open.  Stumbles in.  Keys!JULIANNE (O.S.)THANK GOD, A SAMARITAN!!Michael SPEEDS away.  She KICKS the ratmobile in gear.

	LURCHES off.INT.  RATMOBILE, DOWNTOWN CHICAGO - DAYJulianne tearing through traffic, desperately struggling to keep
	Michael's Cherokee in view, while she shrieks into her cellular...JULIANNEIT IS NOT GOING WELL!Down the block, Michael WHIPS around a corner.  We follow suit to see
	his destination dead ahead.  Union Station.  The DISPATCHER RADIO
	intrudes...DISPATCHER (O.S.)Uh, Unit Four Baker Charlie,
		    how we cookin' on that Skokiie
		    infestation?

	Now she's steering the car, tearing at the radio controls, and
	screaming into the phone cradled on her shoulder...JULIANNETHIS IS WHAT COMES OF TELLINGTHE TRUTH!FIELD MAN (O.S.)Copy, dispatcher...JULIANNEOR EVEN PART OF IT!FIELD MAN (O.S.)Uh, what happens if you got
		    that methyl-ethyl shit on
		    your hands?

	Michael RIPS into the train station's parking lot.  We SWERVE
	around a taxi, CUT OFF Harley, CAREEN into the lot...JULIANNEGETTING WHAT YOU DESERVE ISNOT FAIR!DISPATCHER (O.S.)Uh, you got maybe thirty seconds
		    before you're sterile.  For God's
		    sake don't touch yourself, or
		    anything.

	Up ahead, Michael is OUT of his jeep and running.JULIANNEAND I HATE TALKING TO YOURMACHINE!She SLAMS on the brakes, THROWING herself against the wheel.YOUNGER FIELD MAN (O.S.)Uh, this is One Monkey Zebra.
		    It wasn't bees in the gal's
		    wall, it was cats!

	She TEARS the door open.  SCRAMBLE OUT...YOUNGER FIELD MAN (O.S.)She says gas 'em, anyway,
		    she'll pay cash.  Uh... how
		    do I pay this?

	WITH Julianne now, RACING through the lot, Michael vanishes INTO
	the Station, she PLUNGES in after him, BOUNCING off bystanders,
	apologizing, lunging on, gasping for breath, past exhaustion,
	threatening clumsily through the crowd like a staggering drunk,
	catching a lucky glimpse as he heads...

	... DOWN a staircase to the TRACKS.  My God, what's he doing?  A
	second wind, fueled by panic, and she BOLTS after him, DANCING down
	the steep staircase somehow without killing herself, reaching the
	concourse to see him, running for...

	... Track 29, a train already RUMBLING, ready to pull out, she
	SPRINTS after him.JULIANNEMICHAEL!!He DISAPPEARS behind the train, she FALLS, skids, springs up,
	pushes through gaping onlookers, almost there, the train PULLSAWAY...JULIANNENNNOOOO!!!But he's just standing there.  His back to us.  Watching it go.

	Her body nearly collapses with relief.  She pushes herself on, but
	her legs aren't working right in their maxed-out fatigue, and she
	lopes and staggers until she comes up behind him.  He's still lost
	in thought, staring after the train.

	She tries to speak, but there's no breath.  So she puts her hands
	on her knees and just GASPS for air like a dog.  Wheezing, panting,
	trying once more to speak, but she can't yet, and then he casually
	turns and...

	... JUMPS out of his skin!  A heart attack seeing her.JULIANNE(croaks)
		    Don't speak!

	He just blinks at this sweaty, ripped-up, maniacal figure.MICHAELUh.  I saw that moving...JULIANNEDON'T SPEAK!FLINGING both her hands across his mouth.  A frozen beat.  He nods,
	okay.  Cautiously, she takes her hands away.  At least she has made
	him smile, in spite of everything.  At least she's done that.JULIANNEI have to make a confession.
		    Another confession.  Besides
		    that I love you.  This is even
		    worse.

	This.  He's waiting to hear.JULIANNEThe E-mail?  You thought Walter
		    sent your boss?  I wrote that.

	You.  WHAT?!  Synapse overload.MICHAELYou're not saying you actually...
		    you're saying that y...JULIANNE(stricken with remorse)
		    ... wrote it, yeah.  I'm the
		    bad guy.MICHAELARE YOU CRAZY?She nods her head wildly, hair flopping.MICHAELARE YOU ABSOLUTELY INSANE??Bigger nodding.MICHAELARE YOU ON DRUGS???Shakes her head, like a two-year-old.MICHAEL(pacing in circles)
		    I mean, do you realize what
		    you've... well, of course you
		    realize, that's why you're
		    confessing, I mean... I mean...
		    how could you do that?JULIANNEI didn't know it would get
		    sent.  I just wanted you to...
		    get mad at Kimmy... and...

	And watching.  As this begins to sink in.JULIANNEI've done nothing but slimy,
		    underhanded, despicable, not
		    even terribly imaginative,
		    things.  Ever since I got
		    here.  Trying to...

	Staring in his eyes.  Eyes she can't read at this point.JULIANNE... to win you.  To win you
		    back.

	Tears in her own eyes now.  Big ones.JULIANNEAnd I was blinded by love.
		    Like you said.

	Shaking her head...JULIANNEBut that doesn't excuse any
		    part of it.  I am pond scum.

	No...JULIANNEActually.  Lower.  I am the fungus
		    that feeds on pond scum.  Lower.
		    The layer of mucous that cruds up
		    the fung...MICHAELLower.JULIANNE(agreeing)
		    Lower.MICHAELThe pus that infects the mucous
		    that cruds up the fungus.

	And to her amazement.  The trace of a smile...MICHAEL(softly)
		    On the other hand, thank you.

	She blinks at that.  Which squeezes out a tear.MICHAELFor loving me that much, that
		    way.

	He shrugs.  Just above a whisper...MICHELIt's pretty flattering.JULIANNEExcept it makes me fungus.MICHAELWell, that part I knew.

	She's never loved him more.JULIANNESo you have to marry Kim.
		    Because she will actually make
		    you happy.  I, in contrast, am
		    a shallow, neurotic psychopath,
		    with relatively little to offer.

	Okay?JULIANNEKim.  Nod your head.  Do as
		    you're told.

	He nods his head, still smiling.  Her tears are running now.  Maybe
	she doesn't notice.JULIANNEJust promise you'll never tell
		    me who you would have chosen.
		    If I hadn't confessed.

	She chokes back a sob.JULIANNECos if you would have chosen me.
		    Then I threw away a perfectly
		    good life.  Just to be a decent
		    person.  Which is a questionable
		    trade-off.  Right?

	He nods, slowly.  Because he's supposed to.JULIANNEAnd if you would have chosen
		    some 20-year-old punk over me.
		    I'd have to kill myself.

	Ah.  His smile keeps getting smaller.  More loving.  More wonderful.MICHAEL(whispers)
		    I'll take it to my grave.

	Good.  She looks around.JULIANNEI'm so glad you didn't jump on
		    that train, before...MICHAELI came here, looking for her.

	For her.  The words leave a silence.JULIANNEWhy would she come here...MICHAELThis is where I proposed.

	Stares deep in her eyes.  She needs to hear this.MICHAELI had to cover a game in
		    Milwaukee.  She saw me off.
		    And when the train started to
		    leave... I jumped up on the
		    step, I help the handle, and
		    without...

	He grins.  Has to admit...MICHAEL... without a thought in my head.
		    I shouted, "Marry me."

	I did.  Now her eyes tear up again.  And she doesn't know why.MICHAELAnd she gasped, and covered her
		    mouth, and the train was pulling
		    out, and suddenly she screamed
		    YES!  Just once.  And blew me a
		    kiss.

	What a girl.MICHAELI never forgot that.JULIANNEIt's two weeks.MICHAELAlmost three.JULIANNEThat is so romantic.

	Which makes him reach and touch her hair.MICHAELI just wonder if you know why.

	Do you?MICHAELIt's because romance isn't
		    mystery, and tricks, and doubts,
		    and halting, unspoken longings.
		    That's not the real romance.

	Tears in his eyes now.  First time.MICHAELThe real romance is saying yes.

	Does she know that now?  He looks at his watch.MICHAEL(sighs)
		    Woulda been a nice wedding.

	Oh.  That.JULIANNE(urgently)
		    You can't believe you've lost
		    her!  Sooner or later, you'll
		    find her, and you'll look in
		    each other's eyes, and you'll
		    see all that love...JULIANNECourse, if it's later rather
		    than sooner, I'd hate to be you
		    at six o'clock.
			     (beat)
		    You've got a lot of explaining
		    to...MICHAELI'm just thinking of how she's
		    hurting.  Lost.  Alone.  Like
		    her life is over.JULIANNEThat's little egotistical.

	He glares at her.JULIANNEBut, undoubtedly accurate.

	She claps her hands, galvanized by the emergency.JULIANNEOkay, we'll split up.  You go
		    to every romantic place you
		    guys have, I'll go... someplace
		    brilliant, and the first one
		    who...MICHAELIf you find her...

	Strange tone.  A gentle warning.MICHAELThe kiss.  May be hard.  For
		    you to explain.
			    (beat)
		    Because the only fear she
		    really has, is...JULIANNE... me, yeah.  And she likes
		    Tommy Lasorda.  Case closed.

	Looks at her own watch.  Shit!MICHAELBut if you do get to her first...

	She looks up.MICHAELThere is something you are
		    authorized to say.EXT.  TAXI STAND - DAYJulianne sits on the fender of this guy's taxi.  The driver smokes,
	paces, while she waits for a connection on her cellular.  Then...MANDY (V.O.)Wallace egregious residence,
		    Mandy speaking.JULIANNEIt's Jules, you guys haven't
		    had a call from, say, Kimberly,
		    have you?MANDY (V.O.)Oh, she's slipped out, the
		    little monkey.  Prob'ly with
		    Michael, doin' the nasty.

	A shallow laugh...MANDY (V.O.)Or crying in her nachos, down
		    at Comskey Park.

	Julianne's face SNAPS to alert.JULIANNEEx-cuse me?MANDY (V.O.)I had this crank call?  From
		    some guy who thinks he saw her?
		    I said, what would a bride be
		    doin', on her wedding...JULIANNEYou are so right.  What a
		    nerve on that guy!  Bring my
		    dress to church, huh?

	Signals the driver, let's GO!JULIANNEI want to pick up a little
		    something for the ceremony.INT.  LUXURY BOX, COMISKEY PARK - AFTERNOONGame in progress.  Julianne and the bodyguard stand in the doorway
	of the deserted skybox.  Everyone Walter knows is going to a
	wedding.  The box is empty except for one cardboard container of
	nachos, extra cheese, sitting alone before a pulled-back chair.BODYGUARDShe wouldn't confide in me,
		    so I called the house.

	He sighs.  Feels terrible about all this.BODYGUARDLuckily, I got her cousin.

	Julianne nods.  Yeah, big break, there.JULIANNEGoing to the john, she said?BODYGUARDCould be there awhile.INT.  WOMEN'S RESTROOM - AFTERNOONJulianne BURSTS into the enormous chaotic restroom.  Looks around
	wildly, no sign of Kim.JULIANNEYO!  IMMIGRATION!Everybody stops.  Pays attention.JULIANNEI GOT A WARRANT FOR MS. KIMBERLYWALLACE!Silence.  From the long line of stalls...KIMMY(O.S., sobbing)
		    In here, you bitch!

	Now everybody's really interested.  Julianne ignores them, strides
	to the stall.  KNOCKS, like it's a door.  No answer.JULIANNELet me in, baby, or I'll rip
		    this damn thing off its non-
		    code-compliant hinges...WOMAN (O.S.)GET THE FUCK OUTTA MY FACE ORI'M GONNA MESS YOUR SHIT UP!!Some scattered APPLAUSE.  From down the line...KIMMY(O.S., still sobbing)
		    Over here, nitwit!

	Oh.  Scattered laughter.  Julianne moves down the line.  Stares at
	the door.  We hear the soft, muted crying from within.  Slowly,
	Julianne...

	... drops to her knees.  Bends her head low.  PEERS under the door.
	What she sees, prompts a sad warning...JULIANNEIncoming.

	And she crawls UNDER the door, on her belly.  We go WITH her to
	see...

	... Kim fully dressed, perched on the closed toilet lid, her knees
	drawn up, her arms around them.JULIANNEPitiful.

	And pulls herself up to her knees.  Kimmy tries to glare, but it
	just isn't in her.KIMMYHaven't you done enough?

	The world gets real quiet.  An entire bathroom is listening.
	Julianne cocks her head to one side.JULIANNEIn one minute.  You are going
		    to feel so foolish.KIMMYWHY DON'T YOU JUST DRIVE ASTAKE THROUGH MY HEART?JULIANNEHave you ever heard of.
		    Irony?

	Irony? Kimmy sniffles.JULIANNEI threw my arms around your
		    husband.  And kissed him with
		    all my heart.  Because I was
		    so happy.  For you.  Nitwit.

	And leans close.  As Kimmy flinches.JULIANNE(whispers)
		    He's going to take...
			    (big grin)
		    The job!

	A stunned pole-axed moment.  And Kimmy's eyes SPRING open.  You
	mean...?JULIANNE(beaming)
		    With your dad, yeah.  Can you
		    guess why?  Bitch?

	Everything inside Kimmy BURSTS free in a torrent of tears...KIMMYHE LOVES ME!!And DISSOLVES, sobbing, into Julianne's arms.  A beat, for Julianne
	to reflect, and then she strokes her tenderly.JULIANNEWell, of course, he loves
		    you.

	Kisses the top of Kimmy's head.JULIANNE(very soft)
		    Hell, even I love you.

	Kimmy holds her tight.  From her heart...JULIANNEI never want to go through this
		    again.KIMMYThat's entirely understandable.

	ANGLES... outside the stall.  Julianne's feet sticking out under
	the door.KIMMY (O.S.)Shit!  THE TIME!

	The two BURST out of the stall, hand-in-hand, at a desperate DEAD
	RUN past us.  HEAR them EXPLODE out the door, and...

	... five stalls OPEN.  Women exit, crying.EXT.  UNIVERSITY CHAPEL - TWILIGHTA taxi pulls up in front of an ivy-covered CHAPEL, fronted by nearly
	a hundred souls, milling about in attitude ranging from overstimulated
	curiosity to clinical hyperanxiety.  Our girls JUMP out of the cab,
	and half the crowd starts running toward us, twins in the lead...SAMMYWhatever hap...JULIANNE(cutting this short)
		    We were bonding, we lost track,
		    we're officially sorry, now
		    let's put it behind us.

	Kim WAVES at her mom by the chapel entrance.  And takes Julianne's
	hand for support.JULIANNEBelieve me, we got a bride who's
		    worth waiting for, yes?

	Everybody nods.JULIANNEOut of our way.EXT.  DRESSING ROOM - TWILIGHTWhite.  Pure blinding white.  Across FRAME floats more white, this
	gauzy and ethereal.  It settles, its roots planting deeply in the
	bride's hair.  TILTS UP to...

	... the face of the woman who placed it there.  Julianne's eyes,
	appraising this bride we cannot see.  And so softly...JULIANNEDon't worry, sugar.

	Don't worry.JULIANNEWhen he looks at you, it will
		    be as if...

	The words stronger.  Because there is no smile.JULIANNE... he's never seen a woman
		    before.

	PAN DOWN the white until we are...

	CLOSE on the bride's perfect slippers.  HOLD.  And...INT.  CHAPEL - EVENINGBegins to slowly PAN BACK UP the length of an exquisite gown.  We
	can tell from the organ, the nearby thrum of expectant voices, that
	we are nearing the moment.  We reach...

	... Kimmy's hand.  Firmly clasping Walter's.  Keep PANNING, the
	bodice, the lace, her throat, and finally, we are CLOSE on...

	... the face of the bride.  Now we understand the word radiant.  We
	also understand scared senseless.  Our perfect, unflappable Kimmy
	is in a trance of emotional overload where bliss and panic
	seamlessly blend.

	The organ's noddling stops.  Kimmy's eyes alerted, like a small
	animal bearing a predator approach her thicket.  Suddenly, the
	CHORD.  The Wedding March from Wagner's Lohengrin.  Here.  Comes.
	The bride.  And we SNAP TO...

	FULL ANGLE... Kim and Walter.  This is it.WALTER(whispers)
		    Left foot.

	REVERSE ANGLE... Kim's POV, the chapel, every pew packed, every neck
	craning this way, the white satin carpet down the endless aisle to
	where...

	Michael waits.  Also in a zone of pseudo-consciousness.  From which
	he attempts a smile.  Not comforting.  Kim's POV WHIP PAN the
	groomsmen, the twins, LOCKING FOCUS on Julianne, standing strong
	and beautiful, a glow of her own in the daffodil dress.  She sends
	her little sister a WINK across the trackless miles of aisle.  You
	can do this, kid.  So...

	... Kimmy does.  On her father's arm, she walks the gauntlet of the
	world's intrusive admiration.  One step at a time.  The most beautiful
	she will ever be.  She is dazzling the crowd and managing to not throw
	up at the same time.

	And she's there.  At his side.  She glances back to her maid of
	honor, just to make sure she's not working without a net.  So
	Julianne...

	... CROSSES her eyes.  Which lets the kid smile and finally take a
	breath.  Have a little fun, huh? Kim nods, got it, turns to...

	The Minister.  Who stands before them with a calming presence.
	Thank God someone has done this before.  The crowd has hushed.
	The Minister's eyes are only for two.  His words are for all...MINISTERMichael and Kimmy wrote these
		    words.  She asked me to confide,
		    mostly Michael.

	A ripple of laughter.  Gentle and fine.  They are setting in.MINISTERSo he gets to say them.

	A surprise.  A pleasant one.  The crowd adjust in its seats.  As
	Michael begins...MICHAELWhy do people get married
		    anymore?

	And on these words.  We SNAP to Julianne.  Share her interest in
	the bluntness, the simplicity, the unorthodoxy of this beginning.MICHAEL (O.S.)Why not live together amicably,
		    with no sense of obligation
		    beyond the moment?

	Her eyes.  She's listening.MICHAEL (O.S.)As long as the sex is good.  As
		    long as no one more interesting
		    has wandered into view.  As long
		    as the thousand conflicts of two
		    individual wills remain
		    comfortably compromised.

	PANNING now.  Other faces.  Isabelle.  Proud to the bone.MICHAEL (O.S.)And when one feels the urge to
		    move on, to explore the new.
		    No guilt, no disgrace, no
		    promise broken.

	Walter.  His eyes damp.  Against our expectation.MICHAEL (O.S.)No agony of having dishonored
		    a time.  When our hearts.  And
		    the world were different.

	Joe nods, as he hears...MICHAEL (O.S.)Marriage is a lot to put up
		    with.

	Julianne once more.  No breath.  Rapt.MICHAEL (O.S.)The answer must be.  That there
		    is some need basic to the human
		    heart.  That embracing... the obligation
		    of commitment... fulfills.

	Her eyes have clouded.  As if Michael is talking to her.MICHAEL (O.S.)Some need to belong to one another
		    in a way which rages against the
		    notion... that all is impermanent.
		    Against the notion of mortality.

	And suddenly, ALL the feeling rises in her throat.MICHAEL (O.S.)Our love is bigger.  And longer.
		    Than life itself.

	And the tears come.  They come freely, unhidden, unnoticed.  As if
	they were needed.

	Michael now.  Looking at his bride.MICHAELThat's what we want.  And marriage.
		    Is what we do about it.

	Kimmy smiles at him.  With love bigger than life itself.MICHAELWe are fools in this.  Thank
		    God Almighty.

	He is done.  There is a silence.MINISTERBoy, that was good!

	People LAUGH.  The Minister holds up a sheet of paper.  For the
	crowd to see.  Mostly paragraphs crossed out in red ink.MINISTERMichael and Kim also edited what
		    they want me to say...

	More laughter.MINISTERThe idea was, we're only marrying
		    once.  We have to remember it
		    forever.  Let's keep to the good
		    stuff.
			    (squints at the sheet)
		    You may kiss the bride.

	Bigger LAUGHTER.  The Minister waves this off, his little joke.
	Turns to the best man, pantomimes the ring.  As the hammered gold
	circle is handed to Michael, Julianne absently scratches her still-
	swollen finger.  Mandy taps Julianne on the arm, and produces...

	... a matching ring.  Take it! Gives it to her.  So Julianne steps
	forward.  Places the second ring into Kimmy's waiting hand.  Their
	eyes meet, and hold throughout...MINISTER (O.S.)If anyone here can show just cause
		    why this man and woman should not
		    be married, speak now.  Or forever
		    hold your peace.

	Julianne CLEARS her throat.  Kimmy's heart flutters.  In the
	silence... Julianne's wonderful smile.  Just kidding.

	Michael reaches for Kim's hand, turns her gently to him.  Places
	his ring on her finger.  Holds her hands.MICHAELKimberly.  I promise to love.
		    And respect and comfort you.
		    To hear your voice and your
		    heart.  Until we are parted
		    by death.

	She swallows.  Smiles a fleeting, beautiful smile.  Fumbles
	slightly, putting the ring on his finger.KIMMYMichael.  I promise to love and
		    respect and comfort you.  To
		    hear your voice and your heart.
		    Until we are parted by death.

	Staring in each other's eyes.  A moment so fragile, the Minister
	waits an extra beat.MINISTERFor the record, you each agree
		    to marry the other?KIMMY(quickly)
		    I do!MICHAEL(smiling)
		    I do.

	The Minister joins their right hands.MINISTERWe haven't said much about God
		    this evening, I know.  But He
		    is here.  And He is happy.  To
		    bless His wonderful children.

	CLOSE now on Julianne.  For the inevitable moment.MINISTER (O.S.)In that Michael and Kimberly have
		    given themselves to each other by
		    solemn vows, and the exchanging
		    of rings...

	Unnoticed by the world.  Her eyes are close.MINISTER (O.S.)I pronounce them husband and wife.
		    Those whom God has joined together,
		    let no one put asunder.

	The eyes open.  Wet, brave, ready for...MINISTER (O.S.)Now.  Kiss the bride.

	Julianne watching.  As Michael does.EXT.  WALLACE POND - NIGHTThis is what all the preparation was for.  Tables, lights, balloons,
	the guests dancing on the hardwood floor, at the base of the gazebo.
	The bride and groom among them, relaxed and happy.  Two who are one.PAN TO...... the stage, the band playing.  Julianne conferring with the twins
	and the band leader, clear that she's giving the instructions.
	Then, she takes her glass of champagne to the microphone...

	... KLUNKS it, for silence.  The band stops.  The dancers follow.
	All eyes are comfortably turned to the maid of honor.  She looks to
	the couple.  Just below her.  Then, to the crowd...JULIANNEI'm a writer, too, not as
		    good as Michael.  But I do
		    steal from quality.

	She raises her glass.  Everyone at the table does the same.JULIANNEThis is to my best friend.  On
		    the occasion of his wedding.

	Shouts of support, a few whistles.  Silence.  She tells Michael...JULIANNEIf I have truly come to know
		    your bride as my new sister.
		    This is in her heart...

	She has to stop.  Swallows.  Because she will not let herself cry.JULIANNE"Understand.  I'll slip quietly
		    away from the noisy crowd when
		    I see the pale stars rising,
		    blooming, over the oaks."

	Deep breath.  Looks in his eyes.JULIANNE"I'll pursue solitary pathways
		    through the pale twilit meadows,
		    with only this one dream: You
		    come too."

	A hush.  SHARP applause.  From four hundred hands.  But not from
	his.  He is too moved.  Too understanding of what he has heard.JULIANNEI don't have a wedding gift.
		    But this is on loan.  Until
		    you two find your song...

	And with that the band begins.  The opening phrases of a song we
	have come to know.  Michael seems overwhelmed.  Julianne nods
	toward the gazebo...

	... Michael takes his bride's hand, leads her up the stairs, into
	his arms, as the twins step to the microphone, and guests begin to
	applaud an unscheduled wedding dance...MANDY/SAMMY(singing)
		    Someday, when I'm awfully low,
		       And the world is cold,
		    I will feel a glow just thinking of you,
		       And the way you look tonight.

	Soft two-part harmony.  As perfect as the words.MANDY/SAMMY(singing)
		    You're lovely.  With your smile so warm,
		       And your cheeks so soft,
		    There is nothing for me but to love you,
		       Just the way you look tonight.

	Julianne can cry now.  Because she's tied with half the place.MANDY/SAMMY(singing)
		    With each word, your tenderness grows,
		       Tearing my fears apart...
		    And the laugh that wrinkles your nose,
		       Touches my foolish heart.

	Julianne begins to sing.  Unheard.  Unseen.  Even by the man she's
	singing to...JULIANNE/MANDY/SAMMY(singing)
		    You're lovely, please don't ever change,
		       Keep that breathless charm,
		    Darling, please arrange it, cos I love you...
		       Just the way you look tonight.

	The band keeps playing.  The dance goes on.  Two people lost in each
	other.  The way it's supposed to be.INT.  GREAT ROOM - LATE NIGHTBedlam.  Julianne caught in the middle of the throng.  A young
	couple, dressed for travel, appear at the top of the staircase.
	The SHOUT are deafening.  The bride has her bouquet...

	... she spots Julianne far below.  THROWS it her way, Julianne
	reflexively GOES FOR IT...

	... not a fucking chance.  The twins nearly TRAMPLE her in the
	stampede, Mandy WRESTING the prize from Sammy's grasp.  Everyone
	CHEERS, and then the couple is...

	... FLYING down the stairs, RACING through the crowd with a
	protective phalanx of groomsmen bodyguards, heading for the door,
	for freedom...

	... Julianne, trapped in the crush, loses sight of the couple,
	struggles against the flow, suddenly panicked by the certainty
	that she will never see him before...

	And then, he's THERE.  He has Julianne in his arms.  Holding her
	so tight.  An embrace so wonderful, so terrible, she could go mad
	from the confusion alone.  Against the din, he murmurs in her
	ear...MICHAELWherever I go.  However far...

	She sobs.  Holds him.

	Deep, deep breath.JULIANNEYou win a few, you lose a few.
		    Some get rained out.

	And to her surprise...DIGGER(V.O., very softly)
		    You have a good time?

	To her greater surprise.  There are a few tears left, after all.JULIANNEI did what I came to do.DIGGER(V.O., even softer)
		    Good girl.

	She just can't speak now.  So she doesn't.DIGGER (V.O.)I was thinking.  Maybe you might
		    visit us for awhile.  We've got
		    the room made up.

	This fucking guy.  God, she loves him.JULIANNEI'll think about it.  I'm okay.DIGGER (V.O.)Oh, you're more than okay.

	Just above a whisper...JULIANNEYou, too.

	And with the last of her strength...JULIANNEIf the sun comes up, I'll see
		    you tomorrow, huh?

	A chuckle.  At the other end.DIGGER (V.O.)I'll play those odds.  You have
		     sweet dreams.

	We hear the CLICK.  She turns her back on the stars.  Shoulders
	straight.  Chin up.

	She walks from frame.FADE TO BLACK.  HOLD END CREDITS.--------------------------------------------------------------