"48 HRS." -- Unknown draft/writersFADE IN:OPEN COUNTRY - DAYEndless green hills bisected by a ribbon of highway. A road
              gang clearing brush by the side of the road... Twenty-five
              men in prison fatigues sweating through their mid-afternoon
              labor.THREE GUARDSFlank the working prisoners... Mountie hats, shotguns,
              sidearms, sunglasses; they look like they mean it.HIGHWAYA battered pickup appears...approaches. Suddenly, it coughs,
              shudders, stalls. A big Blackfoot Indian named BILLY BEAR
              gets out and starts cursing and kicking the vehicle.Then he
              begins walking toward the road gang...ROADSIDEBRADY is the Guard near the center of the work gang; he
              smiles at the oncoming man, pokes a prisoner beside him.BRADYWonder what reservation they let
                        him off of...

              The prisoner is GANZ who looks up, grins at Brady...GANZYeah, there goes the neighborhood.

              Brady laughs as Billy Bear closes in on him.BILLYSay, buddy, my engine's
                        overheating and I got 30 miles
                        before the next station... Could
                        I get some water out of your
                        cooler?

              Ganz leans on his hoe, speaks as Billy passes...GANZMaybe you shoulda stole a better
                        truck, Tonto.BILLYYou got a real big mouth, convict.BRADYIt's okay, chief.  He's just
                        joking...BILLYHow about the water...GANZFirewater, Tonto?  Is that what
                        you...

              Billy whirls, swings at Ganz. Both men roll to the ground.BRADYHey! Jesus Christ!THE OTHER GUARDSSeeing the commotion, they run toward it.GANZ AND BILLYAs they struggle, Billy slips a pistol into Ganz' hand.BRADYThat's a state prisoner,
                        asshole...! Back off...ROADSIDEBrady pulls Billy away from Ganz just 'as one of the other
              officers arrives... Ganz suddenly whips out a pistol, shoots
              Brady at point-blank range. Before the other Guards can even
              react, Billy comes out with his own pistol, caps the Second
              Guard.THIRD GUARDStill forty yards away... In mid-draw, be howls as a bullet
              from Ganz breaks the nearby ground. He fires, then turns and
              runs for the prison bus.GANZSmiling, fires twice. but the range is too great for pistol
              work...THE OTHER PRISONERSWatching....Then they all scatter in different directions...GANZHefts his weapon...GANZCome on...

              He and the big Indian run to the pickup, climb in and roar
              away.INT. BUSThe THIRD GUARD making a call on the police radio...OFFICERAPO 657, Unit 25 to APO 478t APO
                        657t Unit 25 to APO 478.RADIO RESPONSEGo ahead, Unit 25.OFFICEREscape in progress. Two officers
                        shot off rail crossing 31.
                        Prisoners escaping. Two men, one
                        six-four, 200 pounds, dark, an
                        Indian, the other, Albert Ganz,
                        five-ten...FURTHER DOWN THE HIGHWAYSeveral miles from the escape... A big semi parked by the
              side of ttie road; back doors to the closed trailer open. A
              station wagon parked across the road. The pickup appears,
              approaches the semi, slows down and drives up the ramp into
              the van. Ganz and Billy jump out, shove the ramp up inside
              the truck and close the big doors.STATION WAGONGanz and Billy climb inside ancl roar off, back in the
              direction of the road gang.BILLY BEARTakes off his hat, puts on a baseball cap and sunglasses...BILLYGet ready to duck.

              Ganz dives for the floor. Three police cars go by, sirens
              blaring, lights flashing. They pass the road gang. Ganz
              reappear, smiles...GANZYou know something? I'm having a
                        real good time.HIGHWAYThe station wagon blasts down the pavement... Becomes a small
              dot on the landscape.TRANSITION.A DOORWAY - NIGHTthe portal slams open revealing a man holding a huge
              pistol,jack cates, s.F.P.D., a large and powerful man... He
              stealthily moves up a stairwell.CORRIDORHe stops at the top of the stairs... Listens gun still ready.
              A continuous sound of running water... Cates moves toward the
              bathroom. Rips the door open.BATHROOMThe shape behind the shower curtain freezes. Cates, gun held
              level, moves forward... Rips the shower curtain open.
              Revealing a young and very beautiful woman, ELAINE MARSHALL.CATESInspector Jack Cates, S.F.P.D....
                        And you're wanted.

              Elaine stares at him as Cates turns off the water.ELAINEWhat am I wanted for?CATESI don't answer questions, I ask
                        'em...

              A moment as she continues to stare at his pistol.ELAINEI don't think your gun's loaded...CATESThis is a .44 Magnum, the most
                        powerful handgun in the world. You
                        gotta ask yourself just one
                        question. Are you feelin' lucky?ELAINEI still don't think it's loaded.

              Elaine shakes her head and smiles, folds her arms over her
              breasts, shivers a little... Cates looks at the cylinder,
              spins it...CATESHey, you're right.ELAINEYou're hopeless.CATESThat's the way I see it, too.

              Be puts the gun down on the edge of the sink, embraces her.ELAINEI'm all wet.CATESWhat's wrong with that?

              They both smile.TRANSITION.BEDROOMCates in bed with Elaine.  She wears his shirt.ELAINEA guy in the bar called me a dumb
                        bitch today.CATESWhat'd you do?ELAINEIrrigated his face with the shot
                        of J and B I'd just poured him.
                        Then I tried to deck the sucker.CATESI guess he got the message...ELAINEThen I sit back and I think, I
                        mean, who's to say I'm not a dumb
                        bitch.  I work in a bar, right?
                        I can't read a list of my academic
                        credentials to every booze-hound
                        that comes in the place... You are
                        what you do...CATESPositive self-image problem all
                        over again ... You are who you
                        decide you are unless you're the
                        type that lets assholes decide for
                        you.ELAINEAren't you the one that thinks all
                        psychotherapy is bullshit?CATESI do think all psychotherapy is
                        bullshit. But just because I think
                        it's bullshit doesn't mean I don't
                        know something about it.ELAINEIf this is your idea of
                        sympathetic interest in my
                        problems, I'll take brutal
                        indifference.CATESHey, you know what I really think?ELAINETell me--I'm dyin' to hear it.CATESI think you're ashamed to tend bar
                        which is sad because you look
                        great in that outfit they make you
                        wear... You pull down four bills
                        a week which is damn good, and you
                        mix the best Pina Coladas I've
                        ever had... I think that if you
                        need bigger and better things ...
                        then go for em.

              She smiles at him after this. It looks like they'll kiss.
              Their faces are close.  Then she lightly moves back.ELAINEYou oversimplify every...

              He stops her in the middle of the sentence by kissing her,
              then pulls back...CATESSome things are simple, right?

              Their faces are very close ... but they don't touch for
              another second.ELAINERight...TRANSITION.SAN FRANCISCO - DAWNTitles continue.

              Tugs churning across the bay... Quiet city streets. Parked
              cars covered with early morning dew... A newspaper truck
              slowly grinds by, drops a bundleand moves on.EMBARCADERO - DAWNThe station wagon pulls up to a young punk, HENRY WONG, on a
              motorcycle.

              Billy Bear smiles and leans out the driver's side window.BILLYYou got somethin' for us, Henry?

              Henry produces some credit cards.  Billy passes them to Ganz
              for inspection.GANZHow hot are they?HENRYHot?  Hey, they're not even room
                        temperature.

              Ganz snorts derisively.GANZHow ya doin'?HENRYCan't complain.GANZWe got a lot to talk about.HENRYYeah, old times.GANZWe'll follow you.  Take it
                        slow,okay?HENRYSure, right.

              Ganz pockets the credit cards as Henry wheels away.INT.  STATION WAGONGANZI want to drive awhile.BILLYI ain't tired yet.INT.  STATION WAGONGANZMaybe after we get done with him
                        I'm gonna buy us some girls.BILLYWhaddya mean, buy?GANZPros.

              Ganz stares at Billy.BILLYPay money?GANZYeah, dummy.  Money.BILLYI never paid for it in my life.GANZIt's better when you pay... they
                        let you do anything.BILLYThey always let me do anything. I
                        don't want to pay for it.  I never
                        paid for it in my life.GANZJust do what I say, okay? We'll
                        pay for the girls and have a good
                        time... Don't you trust me?

              Billy smiles.BILLYSure, I trust ya.

              They drive off.NORTH BEACH - RESIDENTIAL STREET - DAWNFirst light breaks over Telegraph Hill. A quiet row of
              Victorian townhouses now converted into apartments.APARTMENT BEDROOM - EARLY MORNINGCates is sprawled across the double bed; Elaine is on the
              verge of falling off the edge. Cates' eyes snap open.  A
              second later, his wrist watch alarm goes off.  He turns it
              off, gets out of bed and begins pulling on his pants. Elaine
              sits up in bed, still wearing Cates' blue shirt... Cates
              picks up a robe as Elaine gets out of bed on the opposite
              side, throws the robe to Elaine... She takes off the shirt,
              swaps it for the robe and throws the shirt to Jack.ELAINEYou know, if you let me come over
                        to your place once in a while, you
                        could put on a clean shirt in the
                        morning.CATESWhat makes you think I have any
                        clean shirts at my place?

              He buttons his shirt and heads for the kitchen.KITCHENCates brushing his teeth at the sink, Elaine making coffee.ELAINEYou know, that's my toothbrush,
                        Jack.

              He keeps brushing.CATESMaybe you ought to buy me one.ELAINEMaybe I would if I knew when you
                        were coming back.

              He stops brushing, turns and looks at her.CATESI'm here.  And I've been coming
                        back for quite awhile... Let's not
                        hassle, okay?  And can I have a
                        cup of coffee?  Please.

              She pours some coffee, hands him a cup and saucer... Cates
              pours some whiskey into it from a flask.ELAINEThat's a fairly crummy way to
                        start a morning.CATESMaybe I got a fairly crummy day
                        ahead.ELAINEMaybe that makes a nice excuse.CATESMaybe you don't know what the hell
                        you're talking about.

              Cates picks his holstered .44 off a chair back and begins
              strapping it on.ELAINEWhen you start with that
                        attitude... it's like I don't know
                        who you are.CATESWhat do you want to know?  What
                        difference does it make?  I'm the
                        guy in your bed the last three
                        months.  I make you feel good. You
                        make me feel good.  What the hell
                        else do you want from a guy?ELAINEI wish you'd stop trying to make
                        me mad so I won't care for you...
                        I wish you'd give me a little more
                        of a chance.

              He turns away, moves into the corridor near the stairwell.CATESI don't have time for this. I
                        gotta go to work.

              She stands frozen... He turns back and looks at her; it's
              hard to apologize.CATES(continuing)
                        Look, I'm glad I'm in your life...
                        and hell, with an ass like yours,
                        I figure anything might be
                        possible.

              She is warmed up by the first part, amused by the second; she
              approaches...ELAINEYou know something, Jack, you
                        really are hopeless.CATESThat's the way I see it, too.ELAINECall me later.CATESYou sure you want me to?ELAINEYeah, for some reason, I'm sure...

              He moves closer, kisses her..CATESThanks for the coffee.ELAINEI think you forgot this. Hands him
                        his wallet and badge...CATESGuess people ought to know who I
                        am...

              He turns to go down the stairwell...ELAINEJack, wait.  Here...

              She puts a scarf around his neck.ELAINE(continuing)
                        It's cold as hell out these
                        mornings, and you know what the
                        man said, the coldest winter I
                        ever spent was the summer I spent
                        in San Francisco...

              They don't kiss.  He nods appreciately, the scarf in hand as
              he turns and goes.STREET - NORTH BEACH - MORNINGCates comes out of Elaine's apartment building, crosses to
              his whipped and battered  64 Cadillac convertible, notices a
              parking ticket stuck under the windshield wiper...CATESSon of a bitch.

              Shoves the ticket in his coat pocket, gets into the Caddie
              puts the scarf around the rear view mirror, starts the engine
              and guns away...CITY STREETCates driving the convertible; he comes down a hill and turns
              toward the East Bay...TRANSITION.GOLDEN GATE PARK - MORNINGHenry Wong, seated on a park bench. Now very dead, a bullet
              hole in the middle of his forehead. Billy Bear is seated next
              to him on the bench reading the race form.GANZUsing the telephone at an outdoor booth a few feet beyond the
              bench.STREET - BROADWAY DISTRICT - DAYLUTHER and ROSALIE, a young couple, turn a corner.  A dark
              parody of all-American young marrieds.  They are bickering as
              usual.ROSALIEI liked that carpet we saw.LUTHERWe can't afford it.ROSALIEDon't remind me.LUTHERWhaddya want me to do, go out and
                        steal for the money?  I hated the
                        color anyway; the color sucked...

              Suddenly, Billy and Ganz descend on Luther and Rosalie and
              pull them into their station wagon..INT.  STATION WAGONBilly has Rosalie by the mouth, gagging her with his big
              paw... Ganz has his gun at Luther's neck.GANZSurprise, Luther.LUTHERWhaddya want?  I thought you were
                        locked up-GANZI want the money, asshole, what do
                        you think?  The money that Reggie
                        hid...LUTHERI don't know what you're talkin'
                        about.GANZYou want that Indian to snap her
                        neck?

              He mimes the gesture... snap...GANZ(continuing)
                        Instead of worryin' about Reggie,
                        you better worry about me...LUTHERDon't give me this, we were
                        partners.GANZBilly, go ahead, break it...LUTHERNo! Don't kill her.  I can get you
                        the money.GANZWhen?LUTHERI can't get it until Monday.
                        Honest.GANZYou chickenshit punk...LUTHERHonest. The place we stashed it
                        opens Monday morning. I can't get
                        it till then. Monday morning,
                        that's when it opens. After that,
                        I'll get the money to you right
                        away...

              Ganz finally takes the gun from the neck.GANZI always liked you, Luther. You
                        were always a lotta fun to hang
                        out with...

              Rosalie is rubbing her neck now that she's been released...
              Ganz gestures to Billy.GANZ(continuing)
                        We're gonna keep her.

              Luther desperately doesn't like this.LUTHERCome on, you can trust me. Please.GANZYou try to mess with us or go to
                        the cops, I promise you, I'll put
                        holes in her you wouldn't believe.

              He smiles at Luther, pinches him on the cheek, shoves him out
              of the car.LUTHERStands shivering as it powers away.WALDEN HOTEL - DAYA small hotel on one of the quiet streets behind Union Square.A GREEN COUGARPulls up across the street.INT. CARTha car arrives in front of the hotel.GANZNice place, huh?

              Rosalie is very nervous.ROSALIEWhat are you gonna do to me in
                        there?

              Ganz gives her a casual smile.GANZMaybe that's where I'm gonna cut
                        your throat.BILLYHe's just kiddin', you just keep
                        doin' what I tell ya, you'll be
                        okay.

              They move out of the car, head for the hotel.LOBBYA FRIZZY YOUNG BLONDE sits behind the desk in a mirrored
              entrance hall.  She reads a lurid paperback. Morning traffic
              streams by outside as Ganz, Billy and Rosalie enter and
              approach the desk.GANZWe need some rooms for a couple of
                        nights...Okay?

              She smiles at Ganz.FRIZZYSure.  We don't get many real
                        customers, ya know?  Most people
                        only stay an hour or two...

              Passes a form across. Ganz signs it, Frizzy glances at his
              signature then takes a key from the rack behind.GANZI want her young.  And tall. Nice
                        legs. Legs are important. Then,
                        real thin.  Yeah.  NO jeans-A
                        dress? a nice summer dress.  You
                        know I want her fresh... I'll tell
                        you why, because I been hoein'
                        weeds and makin' license plates
                        for a couple of years... Yeah, I
                        know you don't get it...BILLY BEARSees a couple approaching, he shoves the dead man down on the
              bench and spreads the newspaper over his head.  The body now
              looking like a typical park bum who has spent the night.
              Billy walks over to Ganz.BILLYHey, what about me?GANZAnd I need one more for my pal.
                        Yeah. Make her an Indian. No, not
                        a turban, you know, a squaw.

              Billy smiles, takes the Polaroid...POLAROIDA close shot of the dead man with the bullet hole in his
              forehead.GANZTakes the photograph back from Billy and slips it into his
              jacket pocket...GANZWalden Hotel. Third near Broadway.
                        Tell them to ask for ... uh...

              He takes the hot credit cards out of his pocket, the name
              embossed on the plastic..GANZ(continuing)
                        G.P. Polson...P.O.L.S.O.N....Just
                        be a couple of hours.

              Hangs up. The two men head for a green Plymouth...TRANSITION.FRIZZYNumber twenty-seven, Mr. Polson.GANZPut them next door, okay.

              She gives him a slightly knowing look.FRIZZYSure, hey, you got the whole floor
                        to yourself...

              Ganz sends her back a sharp look.GANZKeep your filthy ideas to
                        yourself, lady.

              Ganz picks up his suitcase, walks over to the nearest
              stairwell.  Billy and Rosalie follow...TRANSITION.STREETBars starting to fill up with mid-day customers... A black
              Chevy cruises past and stops further up the block. Two
              Plainclothesmen, VANZANT and ALGREN, get out of the car. As
              they start toward the Walden...THE CADILLAC CONVERTIBLEPulls up near the two men. Cates climbs out of his car and
              walks over to them.CATESHey, fellas, what's happening?
                        Radio said you guys had something
                        on...ALGRENNot much, Jack ... Salesman named
                        Polson had his credit cards
                        lifted...

              Algren nods over to the parking lot opposite.ALGREN(continuing)
                        One of Polson's cards rented that
                        green coupe.VANZANTNot too much for a big rough tough
                        gunfighter like you to do on this
                        one...

              Cates smiles at the verbal positioning he's used to with his
              colleagues.CATESSuspect packed or is this a
                        laugher?ALGRENFive and dime stuff. Polson said
                        a kid with a switchblade mugged
                        him and drove off on a motorcyle.CATESYeah, well, I guess you two are
                        experts at taking boy scout knives
                        away from teenagers...VANZANTYeah, we are, that means you can
                        stay outta this one. We don't have
                        any big need for the artillery

              Vanzant's turn to smile.CATESHey, I'm just offering to help
                        out... I like to watch real pros
                        work.VANZANTHelp, huh?  Sometimes your kind of
                        help tends to leave the suspect in
                        bad shape.

              Algren...mediator... soothes the competitive situation.ALGRENHey, relax ... Jack, you wanna
                        come inside, fine... You can stake
                        out the lobby...

              Cates, a bit disgusted at the politics of this moment, nods...CATESFine, it's your show...

              The three men move toward the Walden.WALDEN HOTEL LOBBYFrizzy Blonde still behind the desk. Still reading the lurid
              paperback. Unaware as Vanzant and Algren approach... She
              looks up as they flash their badges.FRIZZYAw, you guys were in last week.
                        You better ask around.  I'm not
                        supposed to be hassled... I got
                        friends.VANZANTHey, park the tongue for a second,
                        sweetpants, we just want to search
                        a room.FRIZZYNot unless you got a warrant.CATESMaybe you should of been a lawyer
                        instead of a dumb skirt workin'
                        behind a register.

              Frizzy turns to find Cates standing beside her. He nudges her
              aside. Starts going throught the register book.FRIZZYAw, come on, what the shit is this?ALGRENWe're looking for a guy going
                        under the name Polson...

              Frizzy sits back down in defeat.FRIZZYOkay, big deal.  Get it over with.

              Cates finds the name.CATESMr. Polson, room 27...ALGRENIs he alone?FRIZZYNaw, his sister went up an hour
                        ago.

              Vanzant turns to Cates.VANZANTOkay, like we said, you stake out
                        the lobby.CATESSure. Great. Whatever.VANZANTYou're not missing out on
                        Dillinger. This punk just stole
                        some credit cards.

              Cates watches the two Detectives head for the elevator.SECOND FLOOR CORRIDORVanzant and Algren move down the hallwayStop at the far end.
              Both Detectives draw their pistols and approach a door.ROOMSummer dress and undergarments scatteredon the floor. LISA,
              lies naked under the covers.





              She matches Ganz's earlier requirements.Smoking a cigarette,
              staring at the ceiling. Ganz remains on top of the blanket.
              Still in his shirt and pants watching TV. Three sharp knocks
              at the door. Ganz reacts as if he's received an electric
              shock. His hand goes under the pillow... Comes up with an
              automatic. Shoves it hard into Lisa's stomach.LISAHey...GANZShut up.LISAWhat the hell's wrong?  I didn't
                        do anything.

              Another knock. Ganz makes her move to the door.LISA(continuing)
                        What do you want?  What's goin' on?GANZShut up.

              She grabs her dress and tries to pull it on.GANZ(continuing)
                        Now ask who it is.

              Shoves harder with the pistol.GANZ(continuing)
                        Come on, ask.

              She calls out.LISAWho is it?CORRIDORVanzant and Algren stand back from the door. Guns held ready.ALGRENPolice... open up.R00MLisa looks from the door back to Ganz. Then at the gun held
              against her. She's petrified.GANZStall.LISAWhat do you want?VANZANTPolice business. Come on, open up.

              A smile on Ganz' face. Almost as if he's enjoying the moment.GANZKeep stallin'.LISAAlright, I'm coming...hold on.

              I'll just be a minute.CORRIDORVanzant and Algren waiting. Sounds of movement from within
              the room.LOBBYCates moves toward the foot of the stairwell. Looks across at
              mirror on the wall opposite. The entire lobby covered from
              this spot. Every angle, including Frizzy.ROOMGanz gestures to Lisa.LISAJust a second.

              Ganz belts her with his gun; she falls..Ganz goes through the
              connecting door. Slips into the adjacent room.BILLY'S ROOMAnother Hooker cowers in the corner, pulling on her clothes.
              She's a Mexican girl in a ridiculous 'Indian' outfit.MEXICAN GIRLQue paso? Que esta pasando? No
                        entiendo...BILLYShut up.

              Billy goes to where Rosalie is awkwardlytied to a chair with
              an electric dord.  He pulls her to her feet as Ganz moves by.BILLY(continuing)
                        When I say jump, girl, you better
                        jump.BILLY(continuing)CORRIDORVanzant reaches down, tries the knob.  Locked. Algren moves
              back, preparing to kick the door down.ADJACENT ROOMGanz opens the door behind the two cops. Raises his pistol
              and fires. Billy's shots follow immediately. Hits Vanzant.
              Algren rolls just as Ganz fires again. Wounded, he gets off
              three shots, then moves inside Ganz' room. Ganz and Billy run
              for the elevator... Exchange two more shots with Algren. The
              Mexican Girl begins screaming in Spanish...LOBBYCates draws his .44. Races up the stairs three at a time.
              Frizzy starts to frantically call the police.CORRIDORCates stops at the landing. Vanzant's body sprawled across
              the hallway. Algren back in the corridor, still losing
              blood... Leans against the wall for support... Lisa staggers
              out of the room, screams. Algren points the gun toward the
              elevator. Indicating where Ganz and Billy have just fled.
              Cates starts back down toward the lobby.ELEVATORGanz and Billy, guns ready as the carriage jolts downward.
              Rosalie is terrified, sobbing...CATESArrives at the halfway turn of the second staircase. He takes
              the next flight in two jumps.ELEVATORAs the doors open, Ganz gestures for Billy and Rosalie to
              wait as he heads for the lobby.LOBBYCates literally flies into the lobby just as Ganz appears. He
              slams Ganz against a column, belts him across the neck with
              his pistol. Ganz screams with pain, drops his gun... Cates
              again slams him with his pistol, felling him...GANZSlides across the floor.

              CATES Senses something ... moves just as Billy appears behind
              and fires at him. The bullet takes out a window. Cates dives
              over the desk. Another bullet chews up the wood.LOBBYFrizzy has been standing beside her desk, screaming... Cates'
              move and the accompanying bulletspanic her. She dashes for
              safety... Cates gets to his feet behind cover. Sees Billy
              holding Rosalie by the throat. Frizzy begins to scream.GANZHe'll blow her goddamn head off.

              Cates doesn't miss a beat. He slowly levels his .44. Takes
              careful aim and starts to fire at Billy.ROSALIENo. No.

              Cates' shot narrowly misses Rosalie. The bullet smashes into
              a mirror above Billy's head. Cates keeps moving closer, gun
              pointed straight ahead. Billy pushes the pistol against
              Rosalie'temple. For the first time, Cates hesitates. They
              face each other across the length of the lobby.ALGRENStruggles down the remaining steps into the lobby. He still
              holds his revolver. Dares not raise it towards Billy and
              Rosalie.BILLY BEARCovers Algren from near the entrance.  He's confused, doesn't
              know what to do... He keeps hold of Rosalie.GANZHis eyes catch Algren's...GANZYou.  Drop it and we won't kill
                        her.

              Algren tosses his gun to the floor.GANZ(continuing)
                        Now, tell him to drop his Goddamn
                        piece.ALGRENDo it, Cates.

              No response.ALGREN(continuing)
                        Do it, Cates.  Goddamn it, do it.

              Cates lowers his gun. Finally lets it drop to the floor.GANZKick it over here.

              Cates does; Ganz picks it up, smiles, looks at Billy.GANZ(continuing)
                        Get the car.

              Then back to Cates as Billy runs out the entrance with
              Rosalie.GANZ(continuing)
                        Your gun's just like mine.

              He's going to kill Cates. But first be glances at Algren.
              Then, almost casually, shoots him twice with Cates' .44.
              Algren staggers back. Dead before he hits the floor. Cates
              twists sideways just as Ganz fires. The bullet misses. Again
              Frizzy starts screaming and struggling. Ganz swipes the woman
              across the head with the gun. Her body slumps to the floor.
              Police sirens can be heard in the distance. Cates makes an
              attempt for Algren's gun. A bullet splatters against the
              floor only inches from his outstretched fingers. The gun
              skitters out of reach.CATESYou lying son of a bitch...GANZWhat are you talking about? We
                        didn't kill her ...

              Ganz smiles.

              With your own gun, cop. How does it feel? Cates leaps into a
              wooden phone booth. Ganz leisurely blasts away at the booth
              with both his and Cates' gun. Two bullets crash into the
              booth. Ganz moves to check inside the booth but sirens are
              ominously near. Ganz finally retreats out the entrance.STREETBilly and Rosalie weave their way across street to the
              Cougar. They make a U-turn. Ganz runs out. Car pulls out,
              then the police cars and vans begin to arrive.PHONE BOOTHChunks of wood on the floor. Shafts of light through a dozen
              bullet holes. Shattered receiver dangling from a cord. Cates,
              wedged tight into the very top of the cubicle. He drops to
              the floor.LOBBYThe police arrive. Swarm into the hotel. All eyes on Cates as
              he rushes to Algren. Too late... Cates realizes Algren is
              dead. He cradles Algren's head as he stares at the arriving
              TAC Squad and Patrolmen.TRANSITION.SQUAD ROOM DAYCates walks in. Several Detectives gather around him.FAT COPWhat happened?CATESRead the report.OLD COPTwo cops blown away by a credit
                        card booster... that don't figure.CATESNo shit.FAT COPThey were good cops.CATESThey were good cops who fucked up
                        and got careless.

              A snotty YOUNG COP paces.YOUNG COPThat's what you say, Cates...CATESYeah.YOUNG COPBut that's what you say about all
                        of us all the tine ... we're
                        always the ones fucking up when
                        you tell it...CATESThe truth hurts, doesn't it, buddy?

              Cates looks at the Old Cop.OLD COPIt don't figure.CATESI need to borrow a piece.

              The OLD COP shrugs... looks in his desk...YOUNG COPSomebody steals your gun, you're
                        supposed to file a report.CATESAre you gonna tell me about police
                        procedure?  Do me a favor, don't
                        give me a bunch of crap.YOUNG COPI guess when two cops die on
                        account of your fuck up you want
                        to keep it as quiet as possible...

              Cates loses it for a second, lands on him with both hands,
              pushes him against a wall... The room goes quiet. Cates cools
              down.CATESJust shut the fuck up.

              The other cops don't intervene. They just watch.  Cates cools
              down, straightens up. HADEN walks by, or, rather, speeds by.HADENCates, I'll need to see you in
                        five minutes, exactly five.

              The Old Cop hands Cates a gun, a traditional Army .45...OLD COPBest I can do.HADEND'you read me, Cates...

              Haden continues moving away.CATESFive minutes.  I heard you, your
                        voice carries...

              As Cates is examining the gun, RUTH, a lab technician, enters
              and drops three 8 x 10's on the desk near Cates.RUTHThey're still wet.

              Cates lifts the blow-ups, each one showing a different aspect
              of a spent bullet.RUTH(continuing)
                        Lots of people getting shot with
                        .44's lately ... Last year, it was
                        Saturday Night Specials..now it's
                        heavy stuff. People must be
                        getting madder about something.

              Cates starts pinning the blow-ups onto a large bulletin board
              on the wall. Nearby, at the same time (within Cates' line of
              sight, within earshot), Lisa, the Hooker, is being
              interrogated by a POLICE-WOMAN who pulls the statement off
              the typewriter. Nearby, the Indian Hooker is being
              interrogated in Spanish.POLICEWOMANYou're an accessory to Murder One,
                        so you're going to have to do a
                        whole lot better than what we got
                        down here, honey...LISAGimme a break, huh? ... Look, I
                        got there.  He was a trick just
                        like any other for all I knew.
                        That's all there is.  He didn't
                        feel like sitting and talking. He
                        was in a big hurry to get laid.
                        I was with him about an hour...

              Cates has gotten interested in the last part of this ...
              drifts toward her... A DETECTIVE comes through, begins
              distributing I.B.M. printouts to Cates, the other nearby
              officers..DETECTIVEWe got a print from the hotel
                        room.  Guy's real name is Ganz,
                        Albert Ganz.  A hitter from back
                        East but he worked out here a few
                        years back.  Armed robbery. Broke
                        out of prison two days ago and
                        capped two of the guards. A real
                        animal.  Wait'll you see this...





              Cates reads the printout, then smoothly,imperiously, he takes
              over the questioning of Lisa.CATESDid he give you a return match?LISAHe wasn't interested.CATESMaybe he didn't like your
                        performance.LISAFuck you.CATESI'll take a raincheck...

              From the side, Ruth is pointing at the photos...RUTHThis'll interest you, Jack...we've
                        got something here from your
                        gun... and these are from the
                        first weapon Ganz used...CATESI don't get it.RUTHHere.CATESShe turns, produces the third photo.  Pins it beside the one
              from the Walden Hotel.RUTHA perfect match for the markings
                        from the first gun he used... but
                        not from the Walden Hotel... fired
                        at least six hours earlier...at
                        point blank range... right between
                        the eyes.  Found him on a park
                        bench...

              She shows him two more pictures.  Police forensics shots of
              Henry Wong ... very dead on the park bench...RUTH(continuing)
                        Ya know, there are some very bad
                        people out there in the world.CATESLook at it this way, Ruth.  If
                        there weren't, what would there be
                        for us to do?

              Lisa continues with the Policewoman.LISAAnyway... so I got there and took
                        him down.  He started watching
                        television and then you
                        sensational people started banging
                        on the door... that's all...
                        except ... he's gonna give you
                        guys a hard time.CATESCates looks up as he hears that remark.  Notices KEHOE,
              another Detective, entering with a long suitcase.POLICEWOMANWhat makes you think so?LISAI think he liked shooting cops a
                        lot more than getting laid.

              Cates watches Kehoe unpack the box.CATESIs that what this guy Ganz had in
                        the hotel?KEHOEEvery last bit of it.  The big
                        guy's room was empty.CATESI'll help you out.

              Cates and Kehoe start going through the suitcase.  Kehoe
              produces a speed loader for a .44...KEHOEThis guy must have had a .44 like
                        yours, Jack. Now he's got yours.CATESShit.

              Kehoe next produces several boxes of shells.KEHOEThis cat was real serious about
                        his artillery.

              An Attendant comes through, hands Kehoe a file. He opens it,
              shows the file to Cates who reads the name under the mug shot.CATESBilly Bear...KEHOEBackup man from the East Bay.
                        Worked with Ganz a few years ago
                        and sprung him from the road gang.

              Kehoe opens the second file.  Four mug shots are inside.CATESWho are all these?KEHOEThey all pulled a bunch of jobs
                        with Ganz about four years ago.CATESWait a minute, wait a minute...
                        who's this?KEHOEUhh ... Wong, Henry Wong.  He was
                        in on the same job.

              Cates spins the file around so that both Ruth an Kehoe can
              see it, throws the forensic shots down beside it.CATESTell me that's not the same guy.KEHOEHey ... Dick Tracy.RUTHDid Ganz have a grudge against his
                        old friends?

              Haden comes out of his office.HADENGet in here, Cates.

              Cates ignores him.CATESI think I wanna have a discussion
                        about it with any of the ones
                        still walking.  Can we find them?KEHOEHere's the file. Cates checks the
                        file.CATESOne of  em's in the slam.HADENDamn you, Cates ... Get in here.

              Cates walks into Haden's cubicle.CATESI want to be left alone on this
                        one. Algren was killed with my gun.HADENYeah, I read the report...

              Haden shuffles some papers, seems to ignore Cates.CATESHey, the bastard's got my gun.  I
                        want it back.HADENJack, come on, there is an
                        official department policy about
                        cop killings. Cop killers
                        represent a special priority
                        because any man crazy enough to
                        kill a cop is a greater threat to
                        an unarmed civilian... In other
                        words, we can't seen like we're in
                        the revenge business... I know, we
                        all know the truth's a little
                        different.

              Cates almost smiles at Haden.CATESYeah...HADENAnthing botherin' you besides
                        losin' your gun?CATESYeah.  It bothers me when cops get
                        hurt while I'm makin' a play. I
                        don't like it.HADENYou might be more of a team player
                        and a little less of a hot dog on
                        this one, Jack.CATESBeing a hot dog's worked pretty
                        well for me so far... Besides, I
                        got a lead...HADENOkay.  You're not a team player.
                        You gotta do things your own way.
                        Fine.  Nail this guy and make us
                        all look good.  But you better
                        watch your ass.  If you screw up,
                        I can promise you, you're goin'
                        down.CATESYou really know how to send a guy
                        out with a great attitude. He
                        starts to go.HADENJack?CATESYeah?HADENTry not to get your ass shot to
                        pieces. We got enough dead cops on
                        this one.CATESI'll keep it in mind.

              Leaves.TRANSITION.CITY STREETHeavy vehicle and pedestrian traffic. Cates stands near a hot
              dog stand. Elaine joins him. Cates is eating a hot dog and
              studying a police file.ELAINEGreat place for lunch.CATESYeah, one of my favorites.ELAINEYou made the front page.






              He hands her a dog.CATESYeah, Guess it must have been a
                        slow news day...ELAINEJack, are you okay?CATESSure, okay, fine, no problem...
                        See, there's this kid in jail ...
                        First thing I got to do is go up
                        and see what he knows ...

              He points to the file.ELAINEI thought you might come over to
                        my place to recuperate.  I don't
                        have to go to work until the day
                        after tomorrow.

              They begin to stroll down the street.CATESI got nothing to recuperate from.
                        There's a guy out there with my
                        gun, and I want it back.

              She's not happy with this attitude.ELAINELook, spare me the macho bullshit
                        about your gun...CATESBullshit?  I'll tell you about
                        bullshit.  My gun's a real weapon
                        in the hands of a real maniac who
                        knows how to use it.  It isn't my
                        macho bullshit that's killing
                        people, my gun is ...ELAINELook, Jack, if you make everything
                        your personal responsibility,
                        you'll turn into a bad cop.  It's
                        not a practical way to function...CATESI didn't get burned, two cops did.
                        Listen, I'll tell you about
                        personnel responsibility.  I like
                        to get the job done right.  And if
                        I don't get my job done right...
                        I'm for shit.ELAINEHere it comes again ... the sacred
                        job...CATESThat's right.  I'm not like you.
                        I'm not gonna sit on my ass
                        wondering what's right and what's
                        wrong... There's a psycho out
                        there killing people with my gun
                        and I'm gonna get him.  Because
                        it's my job. And if you don't get
                        that...ELAINEI get that. The job first.
                        Everything else, especially me,
                        second. I get it. I don't like it.

              Pause.CATESNo one asked you to like it... But
                        that's the way it is.TRANSITION.PRISON CELL BLOCK - DAYCates and a GUARD on the upper deck approaching the door to
              the cell block... The Guard shouts upward.GUARDOpen Nine.

              With a huge metal clatters the door to the cell block opens.CELL BLOCK - NEAR ENTRANCECates and the Guard go through the door.GUARDClose Nine.

              They move forward together.GUARD(continuing)
                        It's Number Twenty-two... You want
                        company?CATESNo, no thanks.

              The Guard shrugs, stays by the door.CATESHe walks down the cell block. Inmates stare at him from
              inside the stark cells. They don't know who he is, but they
              can smell a cop. Cates stops at Twenty-two, looks inside...
              a bit startled. Obviously, Reggie Hammond has connections and
              taste. The paint is fresh; there's framed prints on the wall
              instead of pin-ups, and the overall feeling is that of a
              graduate school dorm rather than a prison. Cates turns, nods
              to the Guard at the end of the cell block. He throws a switch
              and the door opens.HAMMOND'S CELLCates steps inside. Hammond is at a table wearing a Sony
              Walkman and writing in some detailed ledgers with a fountain
              pen. He's boogeying in his seat to the music. Sprawled on a
              bunk nearby is LEROY, another black inmate close to Hammond's
              age. Leroy is leafing through a copy of a skin magazine. He
              doesn't even look at Cates.CATESHammond.

              Cates steps inside the cell.CATES(continuing)
                        Hammond!

              No answer. Cates leans over, hits the override button on the
              Sony.CATES(continuing)
                        Hammond!

              Hammond jumps, grabs his ears in pain ... He pulls the
              headset off and glares at Cates.HAMMONDYou got a name, cop?CATESTry Cates.  And let's talk in
                        private, okay?HAMMONDSure, anything you want.

              He tosses the Walkman to Leroy who dutifully puts it on.CATESLook, convict, I know all about
                        you. Single.  No fixed address. No
                        known relatives.







                        One previous conviction. Armed
                        robbery... six months to go on a
                        three-year sentence.HAMMONDYou here to write my life story?CATESNot likely, Reggie.  Maybe I just
                        need some help.

              Cates takes the forensic photo out of his pocket, passes it
              across the table to Hammond.  He looks at it, hardly reacts.HAMMONDHenry Wong... My old pal.  He's
                        looked better...

              He passes the photo back.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Look, I got just six months before
                        gettin' out of here.  Six months
                        between me and freedom after bein'
                        here three years... And I'm not
                        gonna do anything to screw it up,
                        includin' pee in the prison yard,
                        knock up the Warden's daughter or
                        rat on my old partners...

              Cates swings the cell door back open.CATESToo bad, Reggie.  I thought maybe
                        you were a smart boy.  But I guess
                        if you were real smart you
                        wouldn't be a convict.

              He smiles, decides to play his card.CATES(continuing)
                        I can see a second-rater like you
                        wouldn't be any help at all goin'
                        up against a real hard case like
                        Ganz.

              Hammond jerks his head around.HAMMONDGanz?

              Pause.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Ganz the one who shot Henry?
                        Cates, I asked you a question...

              Cates smiles.CATESYeah, I noticed...HAMMONDGanz is in jail.  He's gonna be
                        there two years after I'm on the
                        street.CATESDidn't work out that way.  He
                        busted out with a big Indian.
                        They capped two guards on a road
                        gang. Nice meeting you Reggie.

              He turns, goes out. The door clangs behind him. Hammond jumps
              up and bangs on the bars, shouts at Cates' back...HAMMONDCates, Come back here.

              Cates turns, saunters back, leans against the door.CATESYeah?HAMMONDI can deliver Ganz.  But you gotta
                        get me outta here first.CATESYou're crazy.HAMMONDI can help you, man, but you gotta
                        get me out.  I got to be on the
                        street.  Get me outta here.CATESWhat's the big deal about you
                        bein' on the street?HAMMONDI got a lot to protect.CATESBullshit.HAMMONDIt's the only way you're gonna get
                        Ganz.CATESI'll think about it.TRANSITION.Cates typing several of official looking documents while
              seated across from a rather dour-looking bureaucrat named BOB.CATESLet me borrow your pen, Bob.

              Handed over by Bob.BOBYou going to use your own name?CATESShit, no.CANDYHe begins signing the documents.BOBJack, just remember one thing. If
                        all this comes down, you don't
                        know me.  I'm not gonna burn for
                        you.  And I'll tell you something
                        else.  If it all comes down, your
                        ass is new-mown grass.CATESRight.  Hey, no sweat.

              He hands over the papers. Smiles.BOBBOB You got him for 48 hours.

              Bob studies the sheet.BOB(continuing)
                        You got a big career as a forger
                        if you decide to go that way,
                        Jack...   I'll ring security.TRANSITION.PROCESS ROOM - PRISON - DAYThe GUARD leads Hammond to a steel cage. Harmnond's now
              wearing a beautifully tailored plaid suit.

              The Guard shouts to ANOTHER GUARD on the far side.GUARDPrisoner G21355 ... Hammond.SECOND GUARDOkay.  Send him through.

              The gate slides open. The Guard geztures for Hairmond to
              enter. Hammond walks to the far side of the pen.  The first
              gate closes, the second one opens.

              Hammond turns and walks over to Cates. The Guard comes up to
              Cates, double checks his orders then unlocks Hammond's cuffs.GUARDGotta sign for him.CATESSure thing...

              He looks over at Hammond who smiles at him.  Then looks at
              Harmond's clothes...CATES(continuing)
                        This prison gives out $400 suits?HAMMONDWhat are you talkin' about?  This
                        suit's mine.  It cost $900.

              Hammond dusts off a sleeve.CATESWe're supposed to be after a
                        killer, not a string of hookers...HAMMONDListen, it may be a little out of
                        date. You know, I got a reputation
                        for lookingreal sharp with the
                        ladies...

              Cates hands some papers to the Guard.GUARDHe's all yours.

              The Guard walks away as Hammond feels Cates' lapel.HAMMONDWe could change this for something
                        good...Get you lookin' sharp for
                        pussy.

              Cates gives him a look.CATESI don't need to hear your jive. I
                        already got that department taken
                        care of...HAMMONDYou got a girl... shit... the
                        generosityof women never ceases to
                        amaze me.

              Cates slaps a cuff on Hammond's outstrethand, then puts the
              other on his own wrist.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Hey, no way.  Take off the
                        bracelets or no deal.CATESYou just don't get it, do your
                        Reggie?  There isn't any deal. I
                        own your ass.HAMMONDNo way to start a partnership.CATESGet this.  We ain't partners. We
                        ain't brothers.  We ain't friends.
                        I'm puttin' you down and keepin'
                        you down until Ganz is locked up
                        or dead.  And if Ganz gets away,
                        you're gonna be sorry we ever met.HAMMONDShit.  I'm already sorry.

              Cates yanks on the cuffs.  They move away.?TRANSITION.OUTSIDE THE JAIL - DAYCATES LEADS HAMMOND OUT.  THEY HEAD FOR CATES' BATTEREDCADILLAC.HAMMONDThis your car, man?CATESYeah.HAMMONDIt looks like you bought it off
                        one of the brothers.

              As they approach the car...CATESOkay, let's get down to it.  I did
                        my part and got you out.  So now
                        you tell me where we're goin'?HAMMONDDon't worry, I got a move for ya.
                        An awesome move. A guy named
                        Luther. Ganz'll be paying him a
                        visit.  We go to him right away.CATESLuther was part of the gang?HAMMONDWhat gang you talkin' about, Jack?CATESI can read a police file,
                        shithead, and quit calling me Jack.HAMMONDJust an expression man, don't mean
                        nothin'.

              Cates gets behind the wheel and kicks the engine over.CATESI don't give a damn.  It happens
                        to be my name.HAMMONDThen what're you complainin'
                        about? At least nobody's calling
                        you shithead....CATESI may call you worse than that.

              Cates drives off.EXT. STREET - MISSION DISTRICT - DAYCates' Cadillac purrs into view, entering a deserted street
              within a rundown neighborhood.INT. CADDYHammond seated next to Cates.HAMMONDJust up the street, the other
                        side, over there ... Now, don't
                        bother knockin' on the door.
                        Luther ain't the kind of guy that
                        looks for company.CATESYour pal nuts enough to take a
                        shot at me?HAMMONDLuther ain't the reliable type. I
                        don't want you shot yet, Cates ...
                        not before you been a help to me.CATESI'm helpin' you, huh?

              Hammond smiles.HAMMONDYeah. Didn't you know that?STREETThe Caddy pulls to a stop.HAMMONDOver there...232...

              Cates double-checks his .38.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        You better let me borrow one of
                        those.

              Cates smiles.CATESSure thing, asshole.

              Handcuffs Hammond to the door handle.  Grabs the car keys.CATES(continuing)
                        You just hang on.  And hope this
                        big move of yours turns out to be
                        something. Opens the car door.CATES(continuing)LUTHER'S VICTORIANCates knocks at the door. Nothing. Knocks again ... no
              response.. From inside, he hears a faint noise but no
              response to the knock. Holding the .38 in one hand, Cates
              tries the knob with the other. The door opens. Cautiously,
              Cates steps inside.INT. LUTHER'S VICTORIANLong corridor ahead. No sign of Luther.CATESMoves down the corriaor, checks the rooms off to one sides.LUTHER LUTHERslips into the hallway behind Cates... Cates turns just as he
              gets to the kitchen. Luther holds a gun. Cates drops to a
              crouch and aims the .38. Luther whirls and fires at Cates. As
              wood and plaster fly out all round him, Cates makes a running
              dive for the floor. Luther runs out before Cates has
              regainehis feet.STREETLuther rushes out the front door and heads toward the
              Cadillac.HAMMONDWatches as Luther heads down the sidewaltoward him. As he
              starts to pass by... Hammond steps out suddenly... Flattens
              him with the car door. Luther drops, stunned. Hammond, still
              restricted by being cuffed to the door handle, reaches and
              grabs his pistol.CATESHammond, Drop the Goddamn gun.

              Hammond looks up. He sprints across the pavement. Aims his
              gun at Hammond.HAMMONDQuit playin' cop and undo this
                        cuff, Jack, I need to talk to this
                        man.CATESI'm tellin' you to drop the Goddam
                        gun.HAMMONDI got a whole thing about people
                        pointin' guns at me.CATESJust throw me the Goddamn gun.

              Long moment. Then Hammond smiles and tosses him Luther's
              pistol.  Luther groans. Cates puts his foot on Luther's belly
              and pulls himself into a standing position, cuffs him.HAMMONDLuther, I always told you the
                        physical side of life wasn't your
                        gig.  Look at you, all messed
                        up... Course you never were much
                        in the snappy dresser department,
                        were you?

              Cates now has Luther ready to be questioned.CATESCome on, talk to him.

              Hammond turns to smile at Luther.HAMMONDWhat's happening, Luther?LUTHERI thought you were inside...HAMMONDMeet my travel Agent.

              Luther leans forward, looks straight at Cates.LUTHERA cop...CATESI sure ain't his fairy
                        godmother... now I'm looking for
                        Ganz...where is he?LUTHERHaven't seen him for years. That's
                        the truth.CATESYou just took a shot at me,
                        asshole. I think you do know where
                        he is.LUTHERWho gives a fuck what you think?

              Cates grabs the still open Cadillac door, slams it into
              Luther. He falls backwards. Cates looks at Hammond.CATESHey, this works pretty good.HAMMONDThank you.CATESWant to try it again?

              Luther sits up again, glares at Cates.LUTHERGanz and Billy got my girl,
                        Rosalie.CATESI think I met her.  Now tell us
                        something we don't know, like
                        where they stashed her.LUTHERI don't know.

              Cates slams the car door agains him again.HAMMONDI gotta tell you he's having a
                        ball with this car door, Luther...
                        You'd better think of somethin' to
                        tell him.

              Luther besitates...flashes a look at Hammond, who sends him
              a silent fleeting reply.  Maybe Cates sees this. Maybe not.LUTHERHe ... he wants me to help him
                        skip town.CATESWhen? How?LUTHERI dunno ... he's gonna call me...

              Another look at Hammond.LUTHER(continuing)
                        He's gonna call me on...Tuesday.

              Something's wrong with all this.  Cates isn't sure just what.
              Not yet. He looks at Hammond.CATESWhat do you think?HAMMONDI think you better put him on ice,
                        man.CATESHe's gotta take that call ... if
                        there is one.HAMMONDIf you let him run around till
                        Tuesday, he's gonna run right to
                        Ganz and warn him. Ain't you,
                        motherfucker?

              Luther makes a play toward Hammond, who laughs, doesn't even
              flinch.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Luther, are you angry with me?

              Cates wrestles Luther into the back seat, turns to Hammond.CATESI don't know what the hell you're
                        smiling about, watermelon. Your
                        big move turned out to be shit.

              HAMMOND Just stares at Cates, keeps smiling...TRANSITION.BOOKING - POLICE PRECINCT - NIGHTTwo Uniforms follow a sullen Luther, Cates and Hammond to the
              DUTY SERGEANT... Cates speaks to him through the small
              window.CATESAssault on a police officer with
                        a deadly weapon.  Carrying a
                        concealed weapon.  Resisting
                        arrest, Disturbing the peace.
                        Public nuisance...

              The Sergeant begins typing out an arrest form.CATES(continuing)
                        I'll think up a few more and file
                        the report tomorrow.

              Cates looks back at Hammond as Luther is hauled away.CATES(continuing)
                        Come on, I gotta make a phone call.





              As they move through the honeycomb of office partitions.CATES(continuing)
                        You stay with me.

              Cates picks up the phone on the other side of the booking
              desk. Dials ... waits for a response as TWO HOOKERS are led
              past by an Arresting Officer. Hammond gives them the eye.CATES(continuing)
                        This is Jack Cates. Any messages?ELAINE'S APARTMENTElaine is on the kitchen phone, speakingwhite putting her
              coat on over her uniform for the evening.  One look at the
              way it is cut and you know why she hates her job.ELAINEJust one.  Some lady called.  Said
                        she's a little hot-headed
                        sometimes... But she still wants
                        her occasional roommate. She'd
                        like to talk it over after she
                        gets off work tonight... if it's
                        humanly possible....CATESElaine, look, I'm in the middle of
                        sone stuff right now... I'm not
                        gonna have time to come by. I
                        don't know when I can get there.

              Her face falls. Making the offer was hard enough.ELAINECome on, Jack ... you're making me
                        work too Goddamn hard at this...

              Jack is very irritated by this turn of events.CATESListen, Goddamn it if you think
                        I'm happy about it, you're nuts.
                        I just gotta take care of a few
                        things, okay?ELAINEThis is not the way people who
                        care for each other are supposed
                        to behave.

              Cates says nothing.  She hangs up angrily.BOOKINGHammond is working on the girls.HAMMONDExcuse me, ladies, you seem to be
                        in need of assistance.HOOKER TWOLook, we got enough problems, we
                        don't need no tight-ass court-
                        appointed lawyer trying to
                        bullshit us!HAMMONDSweetheart, I'm not trying to
                        bullshit you. I don't know whether
                        or not you ladies heard but the
                        city is coming down real hard on
                        people practicing unlawful carnal
                        knowledge.HOOKER ONESo what are you trying to say,
                        fella?HAMMONDI'm trying to say that you're not
                        just walk in that courtroom and
                        get gonna slapped with a $50 fine
                        and be back on the street turning
                        tricks tonight. You both are going
                        to do some time. About 30 days
                        each... Unless, of course,we talk
                        real business.HOOKER TWOSo where do you want to do it,
                        honey? You wanna hop up on the
                        counter?HAMMONDNo, we can go to the back room.

              Cates walks over and pulls him by the shoulder.CATESWe're on the move. Let's go. As
                        they walk toward a corridor.HAMMONDDo you know how close I was to
                        getting some trim.  And you
                        fucked' it up.CATESYeah, well, my ass bleeds for you.
                        And I didn't get you out so you
                        could go on a Goddamn "trim"
                        hunt... stop moaning.HAMMONDSpeakin' of moans my Stomach is
                        startin' to growl.CATESWe eat when I say we eat.HAMMONDBullshit ... I ain't moving  till
                        I get something to eat. You've
                        been treating me like shit ever
                        since I came out here.  If you
                        don't like it, you can take me
                        back to the penitentiary and kiss
                        my hungry black ass good-bye.  And
                        I want some food some place nice..
                        Some good people, nice music...CATESYeah, I'm hungry too. I know of a
                        place. Let's go eat.HAMMONDYeah, I want mandolins, flowers...
                        They move off down the corridor.TRANSITION.UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT - NIGHTINT.  POLICE HEADQUARTERSCates and Hammond at a candy machine.  Cates drops in a
              quarter, throws Hammond a candy bar...CATESThere's your God-damn dinner. Now,
                        let's go.

              They move toward a row of parked cars.AT THE CADDYHAMMONDWho'd you call on the phone back
                        at the booking station?CATESJust get in the car and keep your
                        mouth shut.






              Hammond gets in the car as Cates readjusts Elaine's scarf on
              the mirror.HAMMONDMust of been your lady friend...

              Cates frowns at him.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        You really do have onoe, huh,
                        Jack... what's her problem besides
                        you?CATESShe's got the same complaint as
                        half the Goddamn population.  She
                        can't get the job she's trained
                        for and it pisses her off...
                        Anyway, what the fuck do you care?

              Cates climbs in behind the wheel of the Cadillac.HAMMONDNo, man, tell me about her.  In
                        jail they got me surrounded by
                        guys wearin' blue suits twenty-
                        four hours a day.  And I ain't
                        built for that. Really?  With the
                        clothes you got on you look like
                        you'd love it.

              Cates takes a belt from his flask.CATESNow, where we goin', convict?HAMMONDMission District.  Gonna find us
                        an Indian.

              Cates starts the motor, slams it into gear.  Accelerates out
              to the street.TRANSITION.EXT.  CITY STREET NIGHTCates and Hammon booming along in the Caddy.HAMMONDCome on, Jack.  I want to hear
                        about your girl.  When were you
                        with her last ... You get what I
                        mean?

              Smiles. Cates smiles back at him, almost cruellyCATESI don't give out the details.HAMMONDLast night, two nights ago, three?

              Cates keeps smiling.CATESLast night.HAMMONDYou have a good time?

              Pained expression on Cates' face as he comes back to reality.CATESSure.  Then we had a fight this
                        morning.HAMMONDAt least you took care of business
                        and got the important part in
                        before she came down on you...Tell
                        me a little about her.  She got
                        great tits?

              Cates gives him a hard look.CATESI get the feeling it's going to be
                        real long night.

              They keep driving.TRANSITION.MISSION DISTRICT - STREET - NIGHTThe Cadillac drives slowly past a bar called Torchie's.
              Stops at the end of the block.CATESWell?HAMMONDIt's a long shot, but...Billy used
                        to tend bar here a few years back.
                        I heard him talk about it.CATESThis part of town, they'll make us
                        for heat the second we walk in.
                        Just back me up like you've got a
                        piece...HAMMONDBack you up?  Now why would I
                        wanna do that?CATESIf they kick my ass, they'll sure
                        as hell carve yours up...HAMMONDBut you can handle it all right,
                        huh? Real amazin' how far a gun
                        and a badge can carry some cats...CATESBullshit.  Attitude and experience
                        get you through...

              Cates and Hammond step out, glance toward the bar.HAMMONDI been in a lot of bars where a
                        white cop rousted me and some of
                        the brothers. All those clowns
                        ever had going for 'em was a gun
                        and a badge...CATESYou need five years training to
                        handle a joint like...

              Hamnond's had enough of this debate.HAMMONDHey, you wanna bet?CATESI got two problems.  Number one,
                        I'm not playin' games.  Number
                        two, you got nothin' to bet with.HAMMONDIf we come outta this joint with
                        Ganz' phone number, or a dead
                        Indian, or anything else useful,
                        then you could turn the other way
                        for half an hour while I get
                        laid...CATESWhy?  Anybody that talks about
                        women as much as you do probably
                        can't get it up anyway.HAMMONDThat's never been one of my
                        problems.







                        Now, stop stallin', man, or else
                        admit all this professional stuff
                        you're talkin' about is a crock of
                        shit.CATESI'll tell you what happens if you
                        lose... you tell the truth for
                        once.HAMMONDWhat are you talkin' about?CATESYou tell me what Ganz busted out
                        for, he's after a lot more than
                        just gettin' out of jail.  And
                        whatever it is, you're part of it.HAMMONDI don't know what you're talking
                        about. I just wanna see Ganz
                        nailed.CATESThe bet's off.

              Hammond thinks it over..HAMMONDOkay, if I lose, I'll tell you
                        anything you want to know...

              Cates reaches into his pocket.CATESI'm gonna enjoy this ... here,
                        I'll even loan you my badge.HAMMONDI thought you said bullshit and
                        experience are all it takes.

              He takes the badge anyway as they head for the entrance.TORCHIE'S WESTERN BARThey step inside. Hammond reacts to...REDNECK CITYLonghorns mounted over the bar, Rebel Flags, Lone Star Beer,
              armadillo posters. Even the waitresses wear Stetsons.
              Rockabilly pounding from the jukebox. A Cowgirl Stripper is
              doing the grind on a small podium.HAMMONDThis place don't seem real popular
                        with the brothers.CATESMy kind of place. I always liked
                        country boys.

              Cates smiles, finds a table in the corner. A Cowgirl comes
              over to take his order.HAMMONDTakes a deep breath, moves toward the bar. Smiles at the good
              ol' boys. They don't smile back. He sits down at the bar.BARTENDERYeah.HAMMONDVodka.BARTENDERMaybe you better have a Black
                        Russian.HAMMONDNo, man, I think I'll have a vodka.

              Hamnond looks around the room.THE BARTENDERplaces a glass in front of him, picks up the dollar as
              Harmond flashes Cates' shield.HAMMONDYou know a big Indian named Billy
                        Bear?  He used to work here.

              The Bartender shakes his head, gives him a scowl.BARTENDERNever heard of him.

              Hammond lifts the shot glass and throws it through the mirror
              behind the bar. Sudden silence throughout the room.HAMMONDNow how's your memory doin'?BARTENDERFuck off.  I don't know what the
                        hell you're talkin' about.HAMMONDMaybe I better ask around, see
                        what your pals think.BARTENDERI don't give a shit who you ask.

              The Bartender walks down toward Cates.HAMMONDMoves away from the bar. He stops at a booth occupied byFOUR COWBOY PUNKS,one a very big man.  Hammond grabs him by the arm and pulls
              him up.HAMMONDUp against the wall, cowboy.

              The Punk breaks free, aims a massive haymaker at Hammond.
              Gets a right to the stomach for his trouble.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Now, I said get over there by that
                        wall ... You hear me,
                        motherfucker...

              Looks at the others.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Move it, rednecks.  On your feet...

              He grabs the next by the arm, yanks him up.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Over there...move your ass. Some
                        of you rednecks seem a little hard
                        of hearing, so I'll repeat it for
                        everybody... I need word on the
                        whereabouts of an Indian that goes
                        by the name of Billy Bear. It's a
                        police matter and you all look
                        like you'd just love to
                        cooperate...

              CATES Quietly sips his beer. The other occupants of the bar
              watch Hammond herd the four Punks to the end wall.A BIG COWBOYwhen Hammond isn't looking, he dashes toward the exit, Cates
              puts out a leg. Sends the Cowboy crashing into a crowdedtable.HAMMONDTurns around at the noise.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        That wasn't necessary, buddy. I
                        got this under control.CATESSome of us citizens are with you
                        all the way, Officer.

              The Redneck Punks are now spread-eagled against the wall.
              Hammond searches the first. He drops a wallet on the floor
              and moves to the second. A switchblade, some credit cards and
              another wallet fall to the floor. The last Punk has only a
              roll of bills.  Hammond holds the money up to his face.HAMMONDYou're in trouble, big trouble, so
                        you better start talking. Where'd
                        a boy like you make a score like
                        this?PUNKIt's mine, what the hell...HAMMONDYou must a rolled somebody.  They
                        don't let punks like you take jobs
                        that pay this much ... you sure
                        you don't know a dangerous Indian,
                        because unless you start talkin'
                        I may just have to start looking
                        down your pants with a
                        flashlight...PUNKWhat kind of cop are you, anyway?HAMMONDI am your most terrible nightmare
                        ... a bad nigger with a badge that
                        entitles him to kick your ass...

              Hammond turns to the Bartender...HAMMOND(continuing)
                        One of them is under-age.  Another
                        attacked a police officer. And you
                        know I ain't found what I came
                        lookin' here for yet...

              Walks back to the Bartender.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        The tall one had a weapon ... you
                        want me to keep on makin' a list,
                        or you got the picture yet?

              He reaches for a towel under a pyramid of bar glasses. Jerks
              the towel, the pyramid capsizes onto the floor. Huge crash as
              the glasses break into a million fragments.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Looks like you're on your way to
                        bein' outta business, redneck...
                        Now, let's see what can we fuck
                        with next?

              The Bartender doesn't have the look of a happy man.BARTENDEROkay, okay.  The Indian hangs out
                        with a girl down the block. Right
                        where Chinatown starts.  She lives
                        on top of the hardware store.

              Hammond turns, grins at Cates. As far as he's concerned, he's
              won the bet.  Cates nods, slips out the door.HAMMONDI don't give a damn about his
                        girl...BARTENDERLook, give me a break, you're
                        going to have to settle for her
                        place.  It's the only thing I know.

              He looks desperate.BARTENDER(continuing)
                        I'm tellin' ya, I'm giving you all
                        I know.HAMMONDTry obeyin' the law once in
                        awhile, and I won't have to hassle
                        you...

              Turns to go, then turns back.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        But remember this, cowboy, there's
                        a new sheriff in town.

              Smiles, turns and goes.TRANSITION.STREET - ACROSS FROM TORCHIE'S - NIGHTHammond steps out of the bar.  He crosses to Cates by the car.CATESI think you got something for me.

              Pause.CATES(continuing)
                        The gun you took off that redneck
                        in there.

              Hammond smiles.HAMMONDYou made that move, huh?CATESWhile you're at it, You can give
                        me the switchblade, too.

              Hammond reluctantly takes out a .22 automatic, slams it down
              on the hood of the car.CATES(continuing)
                        Credit cards?

              Hammond hands them over with the knife.HAMMONDYou already got a gun and you owe
                        me a piece of ass.  I'll settle
                        for the gun you just took.

              A long moment. Then Cates slowly lifts the .22 automatic.CATESYou did a real good job... Guess
                        you deserve a reward.

              Removes the clip.  Throws it across the street. Hands Hammond
              the automatic.HAMMONDMotherfucker.

              He throws the gun away.CATESI sure am. Now let's go get us an
                        Indian.






              They walk up the block.TRANSITION.STREET - CHINATOWN - NIGHTNeon signs with Sino lettering.CATES AND HAMMONDWalk down the street, spot a shop with a window display of
              tools.  Look up at the darkened apartment windows. They walk
              to the end of the block.ALLEYStairwells lead to each apartment above the shops. Cates and
              Hammond move along the buildings... Arrive at the back of the
              hardware store. Quietly, they start to ascend the stairs.STAIRWELLThe metal steps extend onto a platform by the back door.
              Cates leans over the railings to look through the adjacent
              window. Between the drawn curtains, a flickering glimmer from
              a TV set. On the tube, various poses from stridently
              exercising women.HAMMONDWhat the shit is that?

              Looks again. A female form passes by, goes out of the room.CATESThere.HAMMONDMust be billy's girl.CATESCome on.DOORWAYCates gestures to the door lock. Hammond fiddles with it for
              several moments. The door swings open. They step into a
              darkened room.APARTMENTCates takes the .38 from his pocket. He stops near the open
              bedroom doorway. He looks at Hammond and then both men step
              quickly into the room.CATESPolice! Nobody move!






              Hammond reaches for the light switch. Takes a heavy blow.
              Slumps against the door. A Woman's voice screams out.CATES(continuing)
                        Stay where you are!

              The light goes on. Cates' gun points at a YOUNG WOMAN (CASEY)
              in a flimsy dressing gown. Saturday Night Special held
              between her palms, police style... A SECOND WOMAN (SALLY)
              stands beside Hammond at the light switch. Larger and
              slightly older than the first, she wears a man's shirt. Holds
              a baseball bat in her right hand.SALLYYou better drop it or he's gonna
                        get another one.HAMMONDHey, talk to here jack.  I don't
                        feel like gettin' number two along
                        side of the head.CATESI said police.  Now drop the
                        goddamn gun.CASEYDon't give me that police shit.
                        You drop it.

              Pause.CATESOkay, look, don't shoot.  I'm just
                        reachin' for my badge.

              Cates takes out his badge-Shows it to Casey.CASEYI don't like this bullshit. I've
                        seen fake badges before.HAMMONDI'll tell you something lady, this
                        guy is a real nervous cop - He's
                        just liable to pull the trigger.

              Cates takes two steps toward Casey...CATESNaw, I'm the calm type.  I know
                        you don't want me to shoot you,
                        and I know that you don't want to
                        shoot me.

              He takes two more steps toward her.CATES(continuing)
                        Shooting a cop puts you away for
                        a long time.

              Holds out his hand.CASEYYou assholes better be real.

              She hands Cates the gun. Sally prods Hammond with the
              baseball bat.SALLYJust wait a Goddamn second here,
                        let's see your badge...

              He snatches the bat out of her hands.HAMMONDDon't have one.SALLYI knew it.  Call the cops.

              Casey walks over to the phone.CATESTell them it's Cates, Detective
                        31st District.  Then put your
                        clothes on. If you don't answer
                        some questions I'm taking both
                        your asses in.

              After a moment, Casey puts down the phone.CATES(continuing)
                        Now, let's cut out the crap, which
                        one of you sees Billy Bear?SALLYNone of your business, cop.  The
                        son of a bitch isn't here, and he
                        isn't coming back.CATESYou can do better than that.

              Turns to Casey.CATES(continuing)
                        How about it?CASEYI used to go with him...I don't
                        know where the hell he is.  I
                        haven't seen him for two weeks.
                        And I don't think I will.  He owes
                        me money...SALLYHe's a Goddamn lowlife, the way he
                        treated her.CATESSounds like a real stormy romance.CASEYI don't much care what it sounds
                        like to you, Cop. All I know is
                        that I went a few laps around the
                        track with him and I ended up with
                        nothin' but the short end of the
                        stick.

              Cates looks over at Hammond.CATESLet's go.HAMMONDWait a minute.  Maybe these ladies
                        would like to go a few laps with
                        us.  How about it? I been nearly
                        three years in prison and...SALLYFuck off.CATESCome on...

              Hannond starts for the door with Cates.CASEYIf you find that bastard, Billy,
                        tell him to stay out of my life.
                        I don't need any more of his macho
                        bullshit.TRANSITION.STREET  CHINATOWN - NIGHTThe two men walk among the bright neon lights. Neither of
              them very happy.CATESThis sucks.  A maniac gets hold of
                        my gun and goes all over the
                        streets killing people with it.
                        So, instead of me being where I
                        oughta be, which is in bed giving
                        my girl the high, hard one, I'm
                        out here doing this shit, roaming
                        around with some overdressed,
                        charcoal-colored loser like you.HAMMONDYou wanna leave, man?  Let me take
                        care of Ganz all by myself.CATESYou?  Don't make me laugh.  You
                        can't take care of shit.  You've
                        been dicking me around since we
                        started on this turd-hunt.  All
                        you're good for is games... So
                        far, what I got outta you is
                        nothin'...HAMMONDI'm impressed with you too, Jack
                        you did a real good job of busting
                        up a couple of dykes bedded down
                        for the night.CATESLuther knew more than he told me
                        and so do you...Now you better
                        tell we what the fuck this is all
                        about.  I gave you 48 hours to
                        come up with something and the
                        clock's runnin' ...

              A long look at Hammond.HAMMONDMaybe I don't like the way you ask.CATESWho gives a Goddamn what you
                        think? You're just a crook that's
                        got a weekendpass ... You're not
                        even a name anymore. Just a spear-
                        chucker with a Goddamn number
                        stenciled on the back of his
                        prison fatigues...

              They walk past.TRANSITION.STREET ACROSS FROM TORCHIE'S - NIGHTThey two men walk toward the Cadillac.CATESOkay, Reggie, I'm done playing
                        around. I want to know what's
                        going on and I'm going to beat the
                        living shit out of you until you
                        tell me.

              Hammond goes into a street rap.HAMMONDYou beat the shit out of me?
                        Don't make me laugh, sucker.  You
                        don't know how I'd dance on your
                        face?  I'll hit you so hard, so
                        many times, you'll wish you'd
                        never been hatched.  I'll turn
                        your face into cottage cheese.
                        I'll make your girl think you been
                        takin' ugly pills.  She won't even
                        know who you are, sucker.

              They stop by the car. Cates takes the gun out, lays it on the
              hood.  Hammond stares at him. Cates next takes out his
              wallet, shows Hammond his badge, then lays the badge on the
              car fender... Smiles.CATESI guess the first thing I ought,
                        to explain to you, nigger, is I
                        fight dirty.

              Hits Hammond a tremendous right hand full in the face.
              Hammond sags, grabs onto the car fender for support. Cates
              hesitates ... and Hammond kicks out, sending the partially
              open car door slamming into Cates. Cates sprawls.HAMMONDSo do I.

              Hammond aims a kick at Cates' head.  Cates blocks it with
              crossed forearms, grabs, twists.  Hammond tumbles, rolls away
              from Cates.  Both men struggle to their feet, circle each
              other.

              Hammond moves in only to receive twoquick blows from Cates,
              a bit sooner than he expected.  Cates smiles.

              Hammond dances in and out... Cates' breathing becomes more
              labored. His windmill attack penetrates Cates' defense. Cates
              clears his head, charges, bull-like ... His rush and greater
              bulk send both of them crashing into some trash cans and a
              brick wall.






              Hammond is faster...

              Cates is much stronger; Both men on their knees. They look at
              one another. Silently, they move to their feet. Hammond's
              back is to a wall... Cates keeps him there, negates the
              lighter man's agility. They slug away, each now arm-weary...
              Exchange a dozen blows. Finally, Cates steps back, arms at
              his side... Breath coming like a bellows...

              Hammond has to hold on to the wall; one more punch would put
              him out.CATESNow, you bastard, you going to
                        tell me what's going on...

              Puffing away.CATES(continuing)
                        ... Do I have to kick the shit out
                        of you some more.

              They stand facing one another. Hammond smiles. A black-and-
              white comes roaring up the street. Sirens howling, red lights
              flashing, it slides to a stop. TWO UNIFORMED COPS jump out,
              guns drawn.FIRST COPAll right, you two.  Don't move.CATESNO, no...it's okay...I'm police.SECOND COPYeah, sure.  Get your hands above
                        your head.

              He keeps his gun trained on Cates,and Hammond.CATESMy gun and badge are over there.
                        And I'm too fucking tired to raise
                        my hands...

              Hammond rubs the side of his face. Cates falls back against
              the patrol car. Still fighting for breath. The First Cop
              lifts Cates' wallet off the Cadillac and looks at his badge,
              shows it to the other cop.FIRST COPWhat the hell's going on here?

              Cates walks over, pockets his gun.SECOND COPI've got a burglary call.  Two
                        women say a couple of hoods broke
                        into their place posing as cops.CATESI was following a lead.  We
                        rousted them... Go up and sweet
                        talk 'em.  You can straighten it
                        out.

              The First Cop checks out Cates' badge and I.D.FIRST COPWhy don't you do it?  We got
                        better things to do than
                        straighten out your messes.CATESSo do I. I'll file a report
                        tomorrow.

              The First Cop takes out his book, starts writing.  He's
              pissed.FIRST COPI gotta file a..Report tonight
                        asshole...CATESGoes with the territory.

              He grabs Hammond and they head for the Cadillac.TRANSITION.ALL-NIGHT GAS STATIONCadillac parked behind the service area.RESTROOMHammond looks' up at his bruised face in the mirror, then
              washes up.  Cates is one step ahead of him. He rolls up a
              piece of the wet towel and inserts it over his bleeding gum.HAMMONDToo bad we got interrupted when we
                        did.  I was getting ready to
                        finish you off.

              Cates straightens up from the wash basin.CATESYeah, right.  You want to try
                        again?HAMMONDNaw, you'd just call your pals
                        back to bail you out one more time.CATESThey saved your ass, convict.HAMMONDOne thing's for sure, Jack.
                        That's how you'll tell the story.

              Cates dries off his face, starts out of the washroom.CATESI'll even put it in my report that
                        way.

              The door closes behind Cates. Hammond leans back toward the
              mirror, nudges a tooth with his finger.HAMMONDMotherfucker.GAS STATION PARKING LOTCates leans on the Cadillac as Hammond emerges. Hammond
              starts for the passenger side.CATESWait a minute.

              Hammond stops.CATES(continuing)
                        You come clean or we're going to
                        go again.  Right here, right now.

              Pause.

              A long moment; Hammond decides be has no choice.HAMMONDI been waiting a long time for
                        some money.CATESHow much?HAMMONDHalf a million.CATESJesus.

              Hammond smiles his meanest smile.HAMMONDHow's that for a number to give
                        you heart failure? Guess you might
                        start to get the picture after
                        all. Mlaybe you're on the wrong
                        side of the old law and order
                        business..

              Cates is unmoved.CATESJust tell me about the money.HAMMONDMe and my bunch hit a dealer in
                        the middle of a sale. It's the
                        kind of money nobody ever reports
                        stolen. I was sittin' pretty,
                        livin' in the high cotton, then
                        somebody fingered me for another
                        job. ... Some psycho who's out
                        there capping people with some
                        cop's gun.CATESHe's after your money.HAMMONDYou catch on real fast...Okay,
                        Jack, let's talk deal. How much of
                        my money you gonna let me keep?

              Cates just looks at him.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        We split 50-50?CATESNot likely, convict.HAMMONDYou gonna let me keep any of it?CATESDepends on how things work out. I
                        believe in the merit system. So
                        far you haven't built up any
                        points.

              He smiles.HAMMONDOkay, from now on, I'm gonna be
                        real good, Jack.

              Cates smiles back.CATESWhere's the money?HAMMONDIn the trunk of a car.  A lot
                        better than under a mattress,
                        right?

              Cates smiles.CATESRight, partner.HAMMONDGet this. We ain't partners. We
                        ain't brothers. We ain't friends.
                        If Ganz gets away with my money,
                        you're gonna be sorry we ever met.CATESYeah.  Right.

              They get into the Caddy. Boom away.TRANSITION.The Cadillac moving through the city... Clock on the
              dashboard showing 4 a.m. Cates at the wheel.CATES(continuing)
                        Where's the goddamn car?HAMMONDYou're a real case, you know that,
                        Jack?

              Smiles.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        This'll show you how smart I am.
                        I got it parked.CATES...For three years?  Let's hope it
                        wasn't a tow-away zone.HAMMONDYou just drove by it.

              The Cadillac makes a screeching U-turn,i swings into the curb.

              Cates leans out, looks at...PARKING BUILDINGNarrow, multi-storied, with a garage-like opening and
              signals... proclaiming 'Weekly-Monthly-Long Term."CADILLACCATESOkay, now what?

              Hammond gets out of the car.

              Stands on the sidewalk.

              Stretches.

              Then gets into the back seats.HAMMONDSince you're wired on benniest you
                        get to stay up and stare at the
                        building. I'm  tired, so I'm going
                        to sleep. They take Sunday off.
                        Place opens at seven o'clock
                        Monday morning. Wake me up at a
                        quarter till...

              Cates stares at the place.CATESYou son of a bitch. You knew where
                        the money was all along and all we
                        had to do was come here and wait.
                        I almost got my ass blown off
                        twice tonight for nothing.HAMMONDI wasn't sure the money was still
                        there until we saw Luther. You
                        almost got your ass shot off for
                        nothing once, not twice, Jack.CATESShit.THE CITYBeyond the skyline, grey streaks of dawn etch the sky.TRANSITION.The Cadillac is pulled up facing the streets down the block
              from the parking sections Cates walks in through the lot
              entrance. Threads his way between the lines of parked
              vehicles Tired and haggard, he carries a paper bag filled
              with quick-order food.CADILLACHammond stretches on the back seat.  Cates slams the door
              shut.CATESI don't want you sleeping on the
                        job.

              Hammond yawns, eases himself into a sitting position.HAMMONDThe place opens in five minutes.
                        Ganz ought to be here soon...

              Cates tears the paper bag open. Passes a cup of coffee and
              donut back. He sips his own coffee, adds some whiskey from
              his flask... pops another bennie.CATESYou took a big chance, leaving
                        this here all this time.HAMMONDNot really.  I figured Ganz was
                        put down for a long time.  And I
                        knew Luther would never job me on
                        his own.  He's too chickenshit.CATESGuess what?  Luther just got in
                        line.

              Hammond sits up.HAMMONDWhat?CATESMusta got some primo bondsman.HAMMONDJesus Christ.  That's a disgrace
                        The guy pulls a gun on a cop and
                        he's out in 24 hours.  I tell you
                        some of the courts these days are
                        just a fucking revolving door.INT. PARKING LOT BUILDINGLuther walks up to the window where a bored ATTENDANT reads
              a comic book.ATTENDANTYeah?LUTHERI want to pick up my car.

              He passes across a faded form.ATTENDANTName?LUTHERHammond.

              The Attendant examines the form, surprised.ATTENDANTThis is three years old.LUTHERYeah, I've been busy.

              The Attendant opens a key file, begins rummaging in it.ATTENDANTWe don't wash 'em, ya know.LUTHERHow about chargin' the battery?ATTENDANTThat we do. And we put air in the
                        tires. I'll even sell you some gas
                        if you need it.LUTHERGreat, just great.

              The Attendant finds the key, exits the booth. Luther follows
              to an elevated stack of cars. The Attendant throws a switch,
              the stack of cars begins to move.STREETLuther drives down the exit ramp in a dated Porsche
              convertible.

              The car is covered with a uniform coat of dust, except for
              the windshield which has been wiped hastily clean.

              Luther waits for a break in the flow of traffic, drives out.

              Another street

              Luther turns onto a side street and then suddenly Cate's
              Cadillac appears ... starts to tail the Porsche.CADILLACCates follows Luther through several turns.





              The Porsche jerks whenever it speeds up or slows down.HAMMONDJesus Christ, look at all the dust
                        on my car...why in the hell don't
                        he take it to a car wash?CATESDidn't know you darker people went
                        in for foreign jobs.HAMMONDI had no choice. Some white
                        asshole bought the last piece of
                        shit skyblue Cadillac.ANOTHER STREETThe Caddy follows the Porsche.INT. CADDYAs they follow Luther.CATESYou'd think the guy'd be smart
                        enough to know he was being tailed.HAMMONDTryin' to save his girl, man. He's
                        in another world.CATESIf I was his size and had Ganz on
                        my ass, I'd  just leave town.HAMMONDI'm tellin' you the man's in
                        love... he wants to be a hero for
                        his girl.CATESOh, yeah, does bein' in love make
                        you stupid?ANOTHER STREETThe Caddy follows the Porsche.

              As they follow Luther.CATESI suppose you'd never be like
                        Luther and let a woman get to
                        you...HAMMONDI let women get to me.  The quest
                        for pussy is the meaning of life
                        ... I got my own personal
                        philosophy about 'em.  Keep women
                        separate from guns, money and
                        business ... women are for
                        spending money.  They got nothing
                        to do with helping you make it.CATESThat ain't philosophy.  That's
                        common sense.ANOTHER STREETThe Caddy follows the Porsche.INT. CADDYAs they follow Luther.HAMMONDSay, do you always work people
                        over like you did Luther?CATESIf they don't tell me what I need
                        to know...HAMMONDDoesn't it get... Tiring?CATESI'm not in this 'cause it's fun.
                        I'm not into hitting guys 'cause
                        it makes me feel good either... I
                        do it 'cause it works-...HAMMONDYou got a very depressing view of
                        life, man... you gotta smile once
                        in awhile...ANOTHER STREETThe Caddy follows the Porsche.INT. CADDYAs they follow Luther.CATESMaybe Luther hopes Ganz'll give
                        him a piece of your money...HAMMONDIf he's hoping that then he's
                        dumber than I think he is, which
                        would be amazin', cause I already
                        think he's real dumb.ANOTHER STREETThe Caddy follows the Porsche.INT. CADDYAs they follow Luther.HAMMONDA long time agb Luther must of got
                        the shit beat out of him so bad it
                        just rattled his brain ... that
                        would account for him making so
                        many wrong moves in a row...CATESYeah, it doesn't look like he's
                        gonna make it as a dangerous tough
                        guy...ANOTHER STREETThe Caddy follows the Porsche.INT. CADDYAs they follow Luther,HAMMONDYou know, I'd be embarrassed if I
                        let my wheels go the way you've
                        done with this job.CATESWhat you don't understand is, I
                        don't give a damn about how this
                        thing looks.HAMMONDNo class...CATESClass isn't somethin' you buy,
                        punk. Look at you, five hundred
                        dollar suit and you're still a
                        lowlife.ANOTHER STREETThe Caddy follows the Porsche.INT.  CADDYAs they follow Luther.HAMMONDWe're getting too close ... Cates,
                        what's the matter, you been takin'
                        dumb pills?CATESYeah, most cops are pretty dumb...
                        But since you're the one that
                        landed in jail what's that make
                        you?ANOTHER STREETLuther pulls over to curb and parks.CADILLACsuddenly swings over several lanes of traffic and parks in
              driveway of parking lot.LUTHER - CATES & HAMMOND'S P.O.V.He goes to the trunk. Rummages there ... picks up a flaming
              red suit.INT. CADILLACCATESThat Goddamn suit is yours?

              Hammond winces.HAMMONDThat was in style a couple years
                        back, man.CATESRight. if you ever switch from
                        armed robbery to pimping, then
                        you're all set.

              Under the suit is a nondescript attache case. Luther takes
              it, closes the trunk. Beads down the sidewalk.CADILLACHAMMONDThat's the money, Jack.

              They jump out of the car, follow on foot.STREETLuther hurries along the sidewalk.

              He reaches the corner, turns quickly...CATES AND HAMMONDFollowing a little way behind.

              They pause at the corner, watching the pedestrian traffic
              move by. Then turn down the cross street after Luther. Follow
              him down a stairwell.SUBWAY STATION - LOBBYEscalators and open stairwells. Luther enters and pauses by
              the doorway. Commuters crowd the counters and congregate near
              the stairwells. More people are seated along hard plastic
              seats. But no Ganz.  And no Billy.

              Luther moves further into the station.  Cates and Hammond
              enter. They keep Luther fixed between them, 50 feet ahead.
              Luther seems to be wandering He walks through the shop area
              and back toward the escalator. Hammond remains near the
              arcade while Cates blends in with the commuters. Luther puts
              the briefcase down at his feet and leans against a counter.
              Next to him, a loud troop of Boy Scouts marches by.  A crowd
              of people from the train area below flows through the lobby
              obscuring Luther from Hammond and Cates for a moment.  Cates
              steps out to get a better view and suddenly spots Ganz moving
              through the crowd toward Luther. Be looks over at Hammond
              across the station and motions.  Then they both start moving
              in on Ganz, trying to intercept him before he gets deeper
              into the crowd.

              Ganz moves cautiously through the station. A crumpled
              newspaper held absently in his hand. He scans the faces of
              the commuters and spots Luther. Fails to notice Cates and
              Hammond closing in on him from two directions.

              A PATROLMAN comes up. Starts chatting amiably with a Boy
              Scout next to Luther. Ganz hesitates in his approach. He
              motions Luther to move awaye, but Luther starts to panic when
              he sees Cates and Hammond closing in...

              Ganz reacts to Luther, turns and spots the two men. He makes
              an immediate break for open ground. The Patrolman sees Ganz
              start to run. The newspaper is thrown to the floor... Ganz
              swings Cates' .44 toward Hammond.PATROLMANHey--you!

              Ganz whirls, his feet slipping on the marble floor. His shot
              at Hammond goes plowing into the ceiling. The crowd starts to
              panic and run in all directions.





              The Patrolman has al ready brought his own gun out. Levels it
              at Ganz.PATROLMAN(continuing)
                        Put it down.BILLY BEARSuddenly appears, Rosalie at his side. Billy Bear's .44
              blasts the Patrolman onto his back.

              Ganz comes up and scrambles through the screaming patrons.
              He, Billy and Rosalie head toward the escalator. Cates has
              already brought out his .38... Can't get a clean shot through
              the chaos.

              Hammond pushes his way through the crowd to Cates.HAMMONDShoot the sons of bitches.

              Cates can't risk it...HAMMOND(continuing)
                        You don't want to chance it, then
                        give me the gun...

              A moment.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Bullshit. Then i'm staying with
                        the money.CATESYou stay with me...HAMMONDNo way...

              Hammond starts after Luther. Cates turns, starts to aim at
              Hammond. Hesitates...PASSENGER WALKWAYPanic has overtaken everyone as they try to escape the madman
              with the gun.

              Ganz and Billy elbow and kick their way through the crowd,
              tugging Rosalie along...

              Cates, gun in hand, creates further-panic as he moves after
              Ganz.

              Ganz grabs a man beside him.





              Shoves him hard into the passengers in back.

              The man knocks over several more people creating a roadblock.

              Ganz vaults over the railing and starts for the trains.
              Cates loses a few more precious seconds grappling through the
              terrorized passengers...TRAIN AREAThe usually jammed area looks like an empty stockyard. The
              patrons huddle in fear against any available wall.

              Cates bursts out of the stairwell...TUNNELRed and green signal lights. The light goes red, a train
              roars up and the doors hiss open.

              Billy and Ganz fight through the passengers getting off the
              train, jump on board; Billy pulls Rosalie behind him.CATESRunning for the doors...

              Suddenly, a SECURITY OFFICER appears, riot gun in hand.SECURITY OFFICERFreeze!CATESNo! No!  There they are!SECURITY OFFICERJust put it down real slow.

              The train doors close.CATESI'm a policeman, you asshole!SECURITY OFFICERDon't even try... now drop it
                        or - you're all done.

              He means it, points the riot gun even closer... The train in
              front of him moves away.

              Cates carefully places the .38 on the pavement. Then raises
              his hands in the air.CATESShit.TRAIN STATION - LOBBYWitnesses stand in nervous little knots. Give versions of
              what happened to notepad-toting patrolmen. Hospital
              Attendants minister to various and sundry complaints.

              Cates sits on a passenger bench, obviously dejected.  A
              voice comes echoing from behind.HADENCates.

              Haden, silhouetted against the light from the street.HADEN(continuing)
                        What the bell happened?CATESI lost them, that's what happened.HADENHow did they get away?CATESThey ran.  As fast as they could.
                        Caught a train.

              Haden watches the Morgue Personnel wheel out the body of the
              Patrolman.HADENWhich one pulled the trigger?CATESThe Indian.  I was about 30 yards
                        away.HADENYou couldn't get to him?

              Cates shrugs.HADEN(continuing)
                        What a screw-up.CATESRight.  I screwed up.  I fucked
                        up. I messed up.  Anybody could
                        have done better, especially you.
                        I bet you're real good at hitting
                        targets through crowds.

              Haden starts toward the street. Looks back at Cates.HADENDon't duck the bullet Cates. Why
                        didn't you call in for backup
                        instead of makin' a grandstand
                        play?CATESI didn't have the time.HADENToo bad, it would've covered your
                        ass.  Now you're in the shit and
                        so's the department. In case you
                        haven't noticed, this wasn't our
                        finest hour... I told you everyone
                        was watchin' on this one. Maybe
                        you better start thinkin' about
                        writin' tickets off a three wheel
                        bike.

              Cates looks at Haden for a moment...

              Turns and walks away.TRANSITION.PREDMORE HOTEL - NIGHTHammond across the street from Predmore.

              Standing in a phone booth talking into the receiver...

              He turns and looks acain at the hotel...

              Hangs up.

              Walks into a nearby bar.TRANSITION.VROMAN'S ROCK CLUBHAMMONDPunk Dancers all over the floor.

              A rock group blasting away...("NEW SHOES" - Vocal)HAMMONDAt a back booth...

              A MAN (SOSNA) approaches carrying a small suitcase.HAMMONDHow you doing, man?SOSNANot bad, not bad.

              Puts the suitcase down on the table.SOSNA(continuing)
                        You want to go outside?HAMMONDNaw, right here's okay.

              Dancers sliding and jerking in front of them.SOSNAYou sure?HAMMONDI'm sure.  Everybody here's
                        looking at everybody else's ass.

              Sosna pops open the suitcase. Lid shielding the contents from
              the patrons...SOSNAI got some real nice merchandise.
                        All of it's clean.

              Suitcase arranged like q salesman's display case. Tightly
              spaced rows of handguns mounted in their holsters.HAMMONDI like this one...

              Pockets a revolver with a deft move.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        How about some ammo?SOSNAIt's loaded... I got some shells
                        in here.

              Opens another compartment. Hammond helps himself to two
              boxes...HAMMONDHow much?SOSNAThis is clean shit.  No serial
                        numbers and never been used...HAMMONDDon't mess with me. How much?SOSNAFive bills.HAMMONDFive.  On credit.SOSNAThis ain't a credit business.

              You know that.HAMMONDYeah, I know that, but this is me
                        and we're old friends. I haven't
                        got the money so what are you
                        gonna do about it?SOSNAGive it back.HAMMONDTry and take it.

              A long moment.SOSNAFuck you.  You got no right for
                        this kind of play.HAMMONDI'll got your money to you. No
                        sweat.

              Hammonds heads for the bar.

              Stands next to a good-looking woman (RITA). Nods to the
              barkeep.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        Vodka. With a twist. And I want to
                        run a tab.

              Served up. He knocks half of it back, turns to the woman.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        My name's Reggie Hammond.

              Big personality smile.RITASo what?

              She turns away as he takes a drink. He looks at another
              pretty girl (ANGELA).HAMMONDHi there. I'm Reggie Hammond.ANGELAI'm with somebody.

              She turns away.HAMMONDThis ain't my night.

              He drinks up.TRANSITION.SQUAD ROOM - NIGHTSeveral Detectives are working at desks. Kehoe walks into the
              office. He moves slowly to Cates' desk and slumps down in a
              nearby chair.KEHOEYou look awful.CATESSo do you...been a long day.KEHOELong night, too, from what I heard
                        ... Word's going around that in
                        addition to losing Ganz for the
                        second time, and in addition to
                        Haden busting you back to
                        Patrolman, some jig beat the crap
                        out of you.CATESAw, bullshit, you heard wrong.KEHOEDoesn't look like it.CATESNothing came in for me yet?  No
                        calls?KEHOENothing.

              Kehoe's phone begins to ring.  Cates watches hopefully.KEHOE(continuing)
                        Kehoe... Okay, hang on.

              Offers the phone to Cates.KEHOE(continuing)
                        It's for you... Ordinance.

              Cates' excitement vanishes. He takes the receiver. Kehoe
              begins to clean off his desk.CATESHello... Yeah, okay.  I'll be in
                        tomorrow. That's right, you can
                        depend on it.  Okay?

              He slams down the receiver, leans back in the chair.CATES(continuing)
                        Bullshit red tape.KEHOEI'm heading out. How about you?

              Cates shakes his head.CATESI got to wait for a call.KEHOEOkay.  See you in the morning...
                        you know, you ought to get some
                        rest...

              He walks out the door. Cates stares fixedly at the phone on
              the desk. Hoping Hammond will call... Across the room another
              phone starts to ring. Cates stares at the PLAINCLOTHESMAN who
              answers.PLAINCLOTHESMANYeah, he's here.

              Cates stiffens.PLAINCLOTHESMAN(continuing)
                        Cates... line twelve.

              Cates snatches up the phone, shouts into it...CATESYou motherfucker, where are you?ELAINEIn the Chronicle Restaurant and Bar, a well appointed
              establishment off Montgomery Street.ELAINEI'm at work, asshole.  Where else?CATESElaine! I... I'm sorry... I was
                        expecting somebody else... police
                        business.ELAINENo wonder you're so popular.CATESNo, it's I'm just surprised you
                        called.ELAINESo am I.ELAINE                        CATESJack, this afternoon...       Hey, look, when...ELAINEYou first.CATESLook, I'm sorry about ... the way
                        things have been lately.  I know
                        I haven't been acting real great...

              Behind Cates, Kehoe steps back into the room.KEHOEHey, Cates...

              Cates swings around.KEHOE(continuing)
                        I almost forgot.  That pal of
                        yours from the Vice Squad wants
                        you to call him.CATESWhat?ELAINEJack, are you still there?KEHOEYeah.  He said he rousted a bar
                        with you last night.CATESJesus Christ.  Why the hell didn't
                        you tell me before?KEHOEI'm not paid to take your personal
                        calls.  He was in some bar. .. off
                        duty.





              Cates interrupts.CATESThe number ... what's the Goddamn
                        number?ELAINEJack?  What was that?KEHOEFind it yourself.  It's on my desk.

              Cates speaks back into the receiver.CATESElaine, I gotta put you on hold...ELAINEJack, wait...CATESJust a second, that's all!

              He hits the bold button, starts rummaging through the desk.
              Paperwork scatters in all directions.

              Kehoe watches him in silence for awhile then leaves. Cates
              begins to dial.CATES(continuing)
                        Hammond... you son of a bitch,
                        where are you?

              Listens for a moment.VROMAN'S ROCK CLUBHammond on the phone as the band rocks away.   (MONKEY
              MASH - Track only)HAMMONDHey, Jack, how ya doin'? What took
                        you so long to call, man? I been
                        waitin' ... I'm at Vroman's up in
                        the Fillmore. Yeah, Vroman's...
                        'Course you don't hang out here;
                        it's for the brothers.SQUAD ROOMCATESI'll be there in a minute. You
                        don't move your ass, right?

              Slams down the phone. Starts toward the door. Remembers...






              He dashes back to the phone, hits the other line. Hears only
              a buzz.CATES(continuing)
                        Oh, shit.TRANSITION.VROMAN'S ROCK CLUBBand blasting away on another number (THE BOYS ARE BACK INTOWN - VOCAL)Hammond now in the middle of the floor dancing his ass off
              with a girl named CANDY. As the song ends...HAMMONDMy name's Reggie Hammond.

              Tries his big personality smile.

              This time gets one back.CANDYI'm candy...HAMMONDExcuse me, baby, but if i don't
                        get some action tonight, I'm gonna
                        bust.  You interested?CANDYHey, what kind of talk is that?HAMMONDOh ... You're a schoolteacher...CANDYNo, I go to a school to learn how
                        to do hair. It's a government
                        program. But really I want to be
                        a model - and I am definitely not
                        sellin'.HAMMOND(humorously)
                        Goodbye.

              She stops him.CANDYHey, don't you think a hair
                        stylists got any interest in
                        gettin' it on?HAMMONDHere you go sweetheart, throw it
                        my way.

              He gives her a kiss.CANDYYou're in a hurry.HAMMONDYeah, i been waiting three years.CANDYYou just quit bein' a priest or
                        somethin'?HAMMONDNo, baby, nothin' like that.
                        Look, there's a place across the
                        street. We can go right over
                        there...CANDYWhat's the matter with my place?HAMMONDNo, it's gotta be here and now.
                        Believe me. Only I don't have the
                        damn money for a room...

              The band starts up again. ("LOVE SONGS ARE FOR CRAZIES" -VOCAL)CANDYYeah, well, even us non-pros
                        expect the guy to pay for the
                        room...

              Cates suddenly appears... steps between them. Yells above the
              band's noise.CATESWhere's luther?HAMMONDBe polite. Say hello.  This is
                        Candy.CATESHello. And goodbye.

              She looks at Hammond. He nods.CANDYWell, maybe I'll see you later ...HAMMONDHere's hoping, baby...

              Candy leaves and melts into the crowd on the dance floor.CATESWhat about Luther?HAMMONDWhat about Ganz?

              Cates shrugs.CATESWe missed.HAMMONDYou missed ... Luther took a taxi
                        to the hotel across the street.
                        Made a phone call.CATESMaybe we should pay Luther a
                        visit.HAMMONDLet him get some sleep.  He's
                        going to need it.

              They move to the bar.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        They must have set up a meeting
                        for the morning; Luther left an 8
                        am wake-up and put up the "Don't
                        Disturb" sign.  He's trading his
                        girl for the money.  All we have
                        to do to grab Ganz is not go blind.CATESSo you took the rest of the night
                        off...

              Hammond smiles.HAMMONDWe don't have too many
                        cheerleaders in prison. I though
                        I might indulge myself in a little
                        trim.

              Cates orders two drinks.CATESTell me something.  Why didn't you
                        just take the money off Luther and
                        split?HAMMONDForget it. I want Ganz as bad as
                        you do and I got some other news
                        for you...

              He opens his jacket slightly. Reveals a shoulder holster and
              accompanying .45.  A long moment.CATESI don't know why, but I'm going to
                        let you keep it. Maybe because you
                        told me you had it, or maybe just
                        because I'm too tired to argue...HAMMONDYou sure that's the reason?

              Pause.CATESThanks for callin' in... and I
                        guess Maybe... Look, I'm sorry I
                        called you Watermellon nigger...
                        those kinds of things. I was just
                        leanin' on ya, doin' my job.HAMMONDBein' good at your job don't
                        explain everything, Jack ...CATESYeah. Guess not.

              Hammond gives him a big smile.HAMMONDAs long as you're feeling like Abe
                        Lincoln, how about payin' me on
                        our bet?  We got time and all this
                        pussy around here's drivin' me
                        crazy. See that one over there,
                        the one I was with...

              He nods at Candy across the way.CATESYeah, I see her.HAMMONDI can just take her right across
                        the street to Luther's hotel.  All
                        I need is some money for the room.HAMMOND(continuing)

              Big smile as Cates produces some cash. Hammond counts it
              eagerly. Looks around. Candy suddenly appears like a trout
              seeing a lure.  She grabs the money.CANDYHello, again.HAMMONDI just struck it rich... I think
                        we can do a little business.  As
                        a matter of fact, I think we can
                        have a party.

              Hammond smiles, leads her out of the bar.CATESHurry back.

              Cates watches them go, downs his drink. He fishes in his
              pocket for a coin, moves to a wall phone. Dials...CHRONICLE RESTAURANT BAR - NIGHTA COCKTAIL WAITRESS answers the phone as Elaine pours a drink.COCKTAIL WAITRESSIt's for you.

              Hands her the receiver.ELAINEHello.CATESHi, it's me...ELAINEFuck you.

              She slams down the receiver.SIDEWALK - FRONT OF VROMAN'S - NIGHTHammond and Candy exit the rock club. A line of young Punkers
              waiting to get inside... Hammond and Candy are in a tight
              clinch, a little giggly.CANDYSo... what did you have in mind?

              Suddenly, Hammond sees Luther emerge from the Predmore across
              the street.HAMMONDOh no, not now!

              Luther moves down the street with the briefcase.  Hammond
              pulls Candy back inside Vroman's.VROMAN'S ROCK CLUB - BARRock group still blasting away... (LOVE SONGS ARE FOR
              CRAZIES - Vocal continues)

              Hammond and Candy reappear, knocking aside a waitress about
              to refill Cates' drink.CATESThat was quick.HAMMONDWhen you been in prison three
                        years, it don't take long. Let's
                        go.CATESWhy?HAMMONDLuther's on the move...

              Cates jumps up, runs out. Hammond looks at Candy.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        I'll be back. Trust me.

              He kisses her.

              Runs off after Cates. She stares at him in disbelief.STREET LIGHTLuther checking over his shoulder for shadows, walks down the
              block. Turns into a narrow street.A BUS STOPLuther waits, impatient.

              Checks his watch.

              Looks up and down the street.

              He double-checks the bus stop sign over his head.

              Just as a bus pulls to a stop, air brakes hissing ...LUTHERGets in.

              Sees that the driver is Billy Bear...BUSThe bus starts up. Luther hesitates in the front. On the wide
              rear seat is Ganz. Rosalie beside him.GANZOpen your coat. Both sides.

              He shows he's not packed.LUTHERLet her go.GANZFirst, the money.

              Luther takes a step.GANZ(continuing)
                        Just show me.

              Luther puts the case on a side seat, opens it for display.ANOTHER BUS STOPCommuters look up expectantly. One of two drift toward the
              curb. Jump back in alarm as the bus roars by.BUSGanz is satisfied. Luther closes the case.LUTHERRosalie, you okay?GANZWhat are you talkin' about? I said
                        I wouldn't hurt her.

              And then he shoots Luther. Right between the buttons.GANZ(continuing)
                        I never break my word.

              Laughs as Rosalie begins to scream.CATES' CADDYBarreling down the street, ignoring red lights.





              Hammond shouts over the wind.HAMMONDNotice something funny about that
                        bus?CATESYeah. It missed the last four
                        stops.

              Cates pours on the gas.BILLY BEARHis eyes fall on the rear view mirror. A white Caddy dances
              in the vibrating glass. Billy looks over his shoulder at Ganz.BILLYGanz!THE CADDYSwerves into cross traffic, makes a big press forward. Comes
              abreast of the driver's side of the bus.GANZSmashes a side window with the two handguns.

              Blasts away.

              Cates driving with one hand as he draws his gun.CATESLooks up as glass shards sparkle down.

              He speeds up ... he is neck and neck with the bus.

              Hammond has a clear shot of Billy Bear who gives a side
              glance at him;

              Hammond doesn't shoot...

              Cates slows down and fires...

              Billy is hit in the shoulder. Ganz runs up and fires again...
              Hammond is hit in the arm. Cates grabs Hammond by the shirt.
              Yanks him close. Throws the wheel over ...CADDYSwerves as bullets pepper the passenger side. Stuffing flies
              out of Hammondis still warm seat. The right hand windows
              explode. Then the Caddy spins out.THE BUSRoars away...THE CADDYSkids into a traffic sign, demolishing some newspaper
              machines. Cates curses, tries to start the car. The engine
              won't turn over. He looks at the distant bus.CATESGoddamn! Goddamn!  Goddamn!

              Pounds on the dash. What's left of the windshield falls in at
              the impact.TRANSITION.SQUAD ROOM - NIGHTCates at his desk. Hammond seated nearby, now with a bandaged
              arm.  Haden in front of Cates, furious.HADENA bus, you goddamn whiskey mick
                        cop, you lost a stolen bus... We
                        got five deaths related to Ganz,
                        all of 'em law enforcement
                        related, and you blow it for a
                        lousy nigger convict...

              Cates says nothing...HADEN(continuing)
                        That's rights I called him a
                        nigger.  You bet I did ... I saw
                        the report on that little piece of
                        shit.  If he spent one legal day
                        in his whole life, it'd be a
                        record...This is it for you...
                        suspension, review board... you've
                        had it.  When it gets 'round you
                        protect a con rather than nail a
                        cop killer...

              Cates stands up.CATESHe's got more brains and more guts
                        in one corner of his asshole than
                        any cop I've worked with.HADENJust cause you say it with
                        conviction don't mean shit to
                        me... How you gonna take to a pink
                        slip, huh?.

              Cates stands. Moves to Hammond. Handcuffs himself to him.HADEN(continuing)
                        Where the Christ do you think
                        you're going?CATESI'm taking my prisoner back to
                        jail.

              Hammond looks at Haden.HAMMONDGoin' a little hard on him, aren't
                        you?HADENGo fuck yourself convict.HAMMONDYou know for a man, you have very
                        pretty brown eyes.

              Cates and Hammond walk out.UNDERGROUND PARKING LOT - POLICE STATION - NIGHTCates and Hammond walk stoically along a row of cars, arrive
              at Hammond's Porsche.HAMMONDHey, how'd my car get here?CATESI had it impounded.  Come on,
                        we'll use it for haulin' you back
                        to the slam.HAMMONDBack to jail in my own car.  Ganz
                        got away. Got all my money. It
                        just don't seem right.CATESI don't know about you, but I
                        could use a drink... I'll buy you
                        one.  It'll be my good-bye present.

              Takes off Hammond's cuffs.  Looks at them.. Throws them away.HAMMONDSorry we didn't do better, Jack.
                        I feel like I let you down.CATESNaw, you didn't let me down.  It
                        was a long shot all the way.  We
                        gave 'em a good run at it.HAMMONDYeah, but we didn't get 'em.

              They get in and drive off.TRANSITION.EXT.  CITY STREET - NIGHTThe Porsche blasts by ... These men want a drink.TRANSITION.CHRONICLE RESTAURANT AND BAR - NIGHTCates and Hammond walk in. It's late, the place is almost
              empty. The Bartender is a woman with her back to them
              conferring with a waitress about something.HAMMONDIt's late, they're closing...CATESDon't worry about it.

              The barmaid turns around to take their order.  It's Elaine.ELAINEHey, I don't believe it.CATESHiya, kid.ELAINEI ought to have you and your
                        friend thrown out...CATESDon't.  We've had a hard night.ELAINEI can see that.  Pardon me for
                        saying so, but you look like
                        shit.  What happened?CATESWe and my pal here have been
                        taking it on the chin for the last
                        few hours...

              Hammond looks at her. He nudges Cates.ELAINEWho the hell are you?HAMMONDName's Hammond, Reggie Hammond.
                        I heard a lot about you. And any
                        friend of Jack's is a friend of
                        mine.

              Gives her a big smile.ELAINEI'm not so sure I can say the same
                        thing...You don't look like a cop.HAMMONDWell, I been workin' the other
                        side of the street for the last
                        few years.  And you don't exactly
                        look like a shrink, wearin' that
                        dress...ELAINEShrink major, not a shrink.

              She pours three glasses of cognac. A STRAGGLER at the end of
              the bar pipes up.STRAGGLERHey, lady, a drink here.ELAINEWe're closed.STRAGGLERHey, what the hell?

              Elaine turns to him; it's short and sweet.ELAINEDrink your drink, pay up and get
                        out.STRAGGLERYou can't do this.  It's against...ELAINEHey, just fuck off.  My friends
                        have guns.






              Cates holds up his pistol. The man's eyes widen and he turns
              his angry move toward her into a skedaddle out of the bar.
              Elaine finishes drying a glass and approaches.ELAINE(continuing)
                        You real down?CATESI've been better...Dead end.  No
                        Ganz, no Indian.

              He finishes his drink, puts down the glass.CATES(continuing)
                        I gotta call the station.

              Looks back at Hammond...CATES(continuing)
                        Don't run off anywhere, okay?
                        I've already got enough to worry
                        about.

              Moves away.HAMMONDHard man to live with.ELAINEHow would you know?HAMMONDHey, two days with him is enough.ELAINEThat's no bull.

              She looks at him carefully. They both grin.CATESIn the phone booth.CATESIs there any report ... No ...
                        Just tell me... nothing..Yeah I
                        figured... Okay, sure.

              Hangs up.ELAINE AND HAMMONDCates returns...CATESNothing.  No sign of Ganz.  No
                        sign of the Indian.  Airport's
                        clean.  Train station. Bus
                        station.  Docks... Shit...ELAINEGanz is going to be hard to track.
                        Just a pure schizo ... wires all
                        crossed... totally without any
                        pattern... kill anybody... The
                        Indian... himself... anybody...CATESHow do you know?ELAINEJack, it's all over the papers.
                        He's an obvious type.  But this
                        Indian...

              Hammond cuts in.HAMMONDHe was the only one of my bunch
                        that was my friend... He was
                        loyal, went all the way for you...ELAINEIn all due respect, he sounds kind
                        of pathetic to me.  The kind of
                        guy that runs home to his momma or
                        some girlfriend.  Have you two ace
                        detectives checked that out?CATESYeah, well the only woman of the
                        Indian's we ran into was shacked
                        up with her dyke girlfriend.  I
                        guess she went with him before she
                        came outta the Closet ... They
                        both looked mad enough to kill
                        him...HAMMONDYeah, too bad.  They were real
                        nice lookin' too...In bed
                        together, hardly any clothes one
                        watching TV...ELAINEWhat makes you think they were
                        lesbians, or as you so quaintly
                        put it, dykes?CATESCome on, they were a little old
                        for a slumber party.ELAINEIt might pay to reexamine a few of
                        your more primitive notions.  I
                        was in bed with a girlfriend
                        watching TV last week, Jack, and
                        one thing we know about me is I
                        happen not to be a lesbian ...
                        Now, if this Indian's girlfriend
                        got upset when you came looking
                        for him, it could just be she's
                        still vulnerable to him.CATESSo what?ELAINEWhen a guy hurts you, then comes
                        back bleeding on his hands and
                        knees, who knows, he might just be
                        irrestible.CATESHey, Come on, shrink time's over.
                        They wouldn't go see some old
                        girlfriend.ELAINEOh, yeah, well look where you came
                        when you were down and out.HAMMONDShe's got a point there, Jack.

              Smiles. Cates reflects for a moment.CATESIt's the only thing we got.

              He looks at Elaine.CATES(continuing)
                        Whaddya think?ELAINEWhat do I know?  I'm just a
                        bartender.CATESLet's go, Reggie.

              He kisses Elaine.HAMMONDDo I get to kiss her too?CATESIf she's right, and if you don't
                        screw up.

              They exit the bar.TRANSITION.EXT.  STREET - CHINATOVIN - NIGHTCates and Hammond hidden in a doorway which affords them a
              good view of the alley landing to Casey and Sally's apartment.HAMMONDWhat if your girl's theory turns
                        out to be bullshit?  I mean, they
                        could be in Rio de Janeiro.CATESI've got to play it rough with
                        them. If they know anything, I'm
                        gonna know it.

              A woman appears, turning out to be Casey carrying a shopping
              bag.HAMMONDHey, there she is...CATESWhatever play I maker just back me
                        up.HAMMONDIf we run into Billy first, let me
                        try and talk him in.CATESSure, I'll give you a shot at it,
                        but Ganz is mine.  You know, that
                        big Indian plays it for keeps...HAMMONDYeah, and I know Ganz sure ain't
                        no sweetheart... I wouldn't like
                        it if this partnership ended
                        before it gets started.CATESPartnership?HAMMONDWell, you got to admit we come a
                        long way.





              Cates gives him a smile.CATESLet's just do it.APARTMENT STAIRWELLAs Casey opens the door and starts toward the.stairs, Cates
              and Hammond come through the door and grab her. They are now
              on the ground floor stairwell.CATESI hear you've got visitors.CASEYWould you guys...CATESNo time for any of that crap any
                        more, lady... I'll rip your lungs
                        out if you don't answer fast.

              Cates has her by the shoulder and arm; he twists her like a
              vise...HAMMONDHe means it...

              She looks at Cates, knows Hammond's correct.CASEYDon't kill him.  Please, just
                        don't kill him.

              A long moment.CATESYou and the other one, you're
                        still Billy's girls. You always
                        were his girls...CASEYYeah.  Sure, i'm crazy in love
                        with him, who wouldn't be...CATESYou're gonna help us take him.CASEYNo chance.CATESHe can live or die ... You let us
                        in and he's got a chance to make
                        it.  Otherwise, he gets ventilated.







              Casey's face is seared with pain at the thought of Billy
              dying.HAMMONDIf you help use he's got a chance,
                        lady.CASEYBilly's in the first room off the
                        hall ... With rosalie ... He's
                        makin' her happy tonight.  You
                        don't understand about the way it
                        is with him, do ya?CATESWhere's ganz?CASEYIn the back.  Down the other
                        corridor.

              Cates looks at Reggie.CATESLooks like you're gonna get your
                        chance.

              They move upward...INT. APARTMENT - NIGHTCates is stealthily going to the end of the second corridor
              of the kitchen and living room area. That corridor turns at
              a sharp angle and goes to the back. Hammond is at the very
              front of that first corridor..at a door ... he shoves it back.INT. FIRST BEDROOMThere is a bed and  Rosalie, undressed, is in it... Billy is
              seated on the edge of it... pants on, shirt off, pulling on
              his boots. Suddenly, Hammond is pointing a gun at him...HAMMONDGive it up, Billy.  You got no
                        shot at it.

              Billy stands.ROSALIEDon't let him hurt met Billy.
                        You're not gonna let 'em hurt me,
                        are ya?BILLYHe won't hurt you.  He ain't gonna
                        do nothin' to you, he's just after
                        me.HAMMONDI'm tellin' ya, Billy, give it up.BILLYI never was much for bein'
                        rehabilitated.

              Billy looks at Hammond.  With lightning sudden quickness, he
              reaches and produces a huge Bowie knife from behind his back.
              Billy smiles, laughs...then with a sudden, awful roar, he
              leaps at Hamnond who unflinchingly fires his pistol.  The big
              slugs stop Billy cold and throw him back against the bed as
              Rosalie shrieks.INT. BACK BEDROOMGanz, half-dressed, asleep, gun in hand, throws himself off
              the bed, pushes Sally out of the way ... opens the door and
              starts firing furiously down the corridor... He grabs the
              briefcase and runs to the window.INT. CORRIDOR/DOOWAY TO BACK BEDROOMCates has ducked the bullets ... he is inching toward the
              door...

              He pulls it open...Ganz from the window fires another shot
              which almost gets him then vanishes down the fire escape...INT. BACK BEDROOMSally gets to her feett yelling, runs at Cates as he appears
              and futilely tries to hit him....He throws her down on the
              bed as if she were a doll ... He goes to the window...EXT. FIRE ESCAPEGanz peels down the fire escapes hits the ground. He stops
              for a second... Then Cates appears, Ganz fires a shot then
              starts to run. Cates keeps coming...INT. FIRST BEDROOMHammond hears the gunfire, runs out of the room...CATESDives down the fire escape.BATHROOMHammond enters to find it empty of Ganz and Cates, only Sally
              crying hysterically ... He runs out.EXT. CHINATOWN STREETGanz runs out the back alley ...Cates pursues...ALLEYHammond runs down the stairs toward the front of the building.EXT. STREETGanz runs, turns out of an alley onto a street baked with
              neon light. Cates pursues.EXT. FRONT OF CASEY'S BUILDINGHammond runs out, turns down the adjoining street.CATESFollowing Ganz, holding him in sight, but unable to get a
              shot off...PARALLEL STREETHammond running down a street near the one where Ganz is
              being chased...MAIN STREETCates fires at Ganz ... Ganz ducks in a doorway...HAMMONDon his street hears the shot... he runs toward it, down a
              narrow alley between two buildings....EXT. DOORWAY AT END OF ALLEYGanz hears footsteps approach from the opposite direction of
              Cates.  They move very close to where be is crouched... it is
              Hammond coming toward him... Ganz suddenly rolls a garbage
              can in his path, dropping him like a stone.CATESComes toward where he expects to find Ganz... Ganz has his
              arm around Hammond's throat and his gun to his ear...GANZDrop it... you come up against me,
                        you're gonna lose...

              Hammond drops his gun.GANZ(continuing)
                        Hey, cop, come on...l got
                        something for ya... come on...EXT.  MAIN STREETCates comes out of the doorway from which he's fired...and
              comes into the middle of the street, gun up ... he puts it
              down when he sees Ganz with Hammond in jeopardy.  The hand
              that's around Hammond's throat also holds the black bag.
              Cates walks forward, his gun down at his side...GANZAfter I get outta this, cop...I'm
                        gonna live forever...CATESI don't think you're gonna make it.GANZWhaddya mean...I got your gun ...
                        I got his money... I got
                        everything...HAMMONDGive up.  He's crazy.  He'll kill
                        us both.

              Cates still walking...GANZHe won't try it. He's a fucking
                        chickenshit cop. They're all
                        fucking wimps, right, Cates?

              They are now closer to each other. Ganz holding Hammond and
              the money...GANZ(continuing)
                        Okay, cop ... give me your gun and
                        I'll let him live. Come on, Cates,
                        you're real good at giving up your
                        gun.

              Cates keeps the same methodical pace...CATESSure...

              Suddenly, he crouches and fires twice. Hammond twists as Ganz
              also fires. Ganz is hit in the collarbone and driven ten feet
              backward. His grip on Hammond drops, Hammond dives to the
              ground, looks at Cates.HAMMONDJesus Christ, I didn't think you'd
                        really do it. You are crazy.

              Ganz' gun still in his hand, but his arm useless at his side.
              Cates is frozen in the crouch, ready to fire again.





              Ganz is in enormous pain holding his bleeding chest... A look
              of childish disbelief passes over his face.GANZI got hit.  I can't believe it. I
                        got shot.CATESYou're done.  End of story.GANZI ain't gonna beg for my life. It
                        ain't cool.

              He runs at Cates full-speed, screaming, roaring, then is
              stopped by two more bullets that tear fist-sized holes in his
              chest. Cates rises from his crouch. Takes his gun out of
              Ganz' now lifeless hand. Then goes over to Hammond...HAMMONDYours?

              Cates raises the pistol.CATESMine...

              Pause.CATES(continuing)
                        You okay?HAMMONDYeah.  But I wasn't there for a
                        second.CATESYou did pick a real strange time
                        to go and be brave all on your
                        own...

              Hammond smiles.HAMMONDJust tryin' to get the money,
                        Jack.  Just tryin' to build up a
                        few points on that merit system.

              Cates smiles back, picks up the black bag as they move off.TRANSITION.ELAINE'S BATHROOMCates in the tub, steam rushing from the water.






              Elaine sits on the porcelain edge as he splashes and soaps...ELAINEHow'd they take it back at
                        headquarters?CATESUsual bullshit.  You make one
                        smart move and everybody wants to
                        be your friend... You know
                        somethin', shootin' guys sucks.
                        Especially compared to this.ELAINEI've been waiting a long time to
                        hear you say that.CATESYeah, bein' a hard-ass all the
                        time is a real drag, but it works.

              He reaches out, lifts his watch from his pile of clothes on
              the floor.CATES(continuing)
                        Three more hours...ELAINEWhere is he?CATESPromised I'd turn my back while
                        he... ah, never mind...ELAINETell me.CATESHe's takin' care of the same
                        business I'll be takin' care of -
                        soon as I dry off.

              Elaine smiles, leans close.ELAINEYou're impossible...CATESThat's what I always say.TRANSITION.CANDY'S ROOM - NIGHTMinimal crummy hotel room accommodations... Hammond is
              kissing her at the door, finishing buttoning all his buttons.





              He reaches for a wallet, gives her several bills.HAMMONDHere you go, baby.CANDYHey, don't do that.  I said I
                        wasn't a pro, remember?HAMMONDHey, no, I'm tryin' to be nice.
                        Buy yourself something pretty.
                        I'd do it, but I got to go.  I got
                        this cop waitin' for me...

              They kiss... it's pretty romantic... She opens the door for
              him.CORRIDORShe stands at the top of the stairs; as Hammond walks down,
              he calls back to her over his shoulder ...HAMMONDI'll be back in six months...
                        Maybe I'll make an honest woman of
                        you.

              He gives her a big sniile.HAMMOND(continuing)
                        I'll buy ya the best dinner in San
                        Francisco...how'd that be? Then
                        we'll go dancin', okay?CANDYNow you're talkin'. See ya...

              He moves off, still smiling, holding the black briefcase...STREET - NIGHTon a picturesque hill above the Haight. Cates standing near
              the wheel of Hammond's Porsche.  Hammond comes down the porch
              steps from the hotel.CATESOkay, reggie, start bustin' my
                        chops... Tell me how great you
                        were with that chick.HAMMONDHey, Jack, real men don't have to
                        go in for that macho bullshit ...
                        but I was fantastic.







                        As a riatter of fact, I was so
                        good, I may have my cock done in
                        bronze.

              Cates holds up the black briefcase.CATESI guess this is what you want to
                        talk about...All the pretty money
                        that's inside here.

              Cates takes the case to the trunk, opens it, deposits the
              case, locks the trunk.HAMMONDWait a minute, Cates.  I've been
                        waitin' three years for that.  I
                        don't think it's fair, man. What
                        about the merit system.? You were
                        gonnna give me a few thousand.CATESThere's nothin' to talk about.

              Another long exchange of looks. Then be hands Hammond the
              keys to the trunk.CATES(continuing)
                        It's your money.  It'll be here in
                        six months when you get out.HAMMONDAnd you're tellin' me you don't
                        want any of this cash?CATESThat's right. Not my style,
                        Reggie..HAMMONDYou are an awesomely weird cop.
                        Sure wish there were more like you
                        runnin' around out here.CATESNo, you don't. If I ever get word
                        of you steppin' over the line
                        again, I'm gonna ventilate that
                        suit of yours.HAMMONDSpare met Jack. I'm into legit
                        investments from here on in.







              Cates gives him a very skeptical look, as they head for the
              car.

              Hammond gets in behind the wheel, Cates on the passenger side.

              Cates takes out a cigarette, starts to light it.

              Hammond takes the match does it for him.CATESThanks.HAMMONDNo trouble, Jack. But, listen,
                        suppose I stay a crook?  Where'd
                        you get the idea that you could
                        catch me?

              They both smile. Hammond socks it into gear and they drive
              off into the far distance...END.