THE BOONDOCK SAINTSWritten byTROY DUFFYShooting Script:  White August 28, 1997INT.  GOTHIC CHURCH  10:00 A.M.  ST. PATRICK'S DAYDOWNTOWN BOSTONAs we open we see the inside of an enormous church. A young 
               looking PRIEST in his mid-thirties is finishing the delivery 
               of the Lord�s Prayer. In the back of the church, in the last 
               pew, there are two who kneel on the cold, stone floor.

               They do not stand to sing, nor do they offer signs of peace 
               when told, but they pray. They grip and rub their rosaries. 
               They mutter their words in Latin.

               CONNOR and MURPHY MacMANUS (mid-twenties) are shrouded in 
               thick waist length navy P-coats, worn leather boots and the 
               hungry clothes of the poor. The boys heads are shaved and 
               they have facial hair.MONSIGNOR(dismissing young 
                              priest)
                         Thank you Father Macklepenny, for 
                         coming all the way across town to be 
                         our guest speaker today. I hope you 
                         found our little parish to your 
                         liking.

               Macklepenny takes his seat on the alter along side the regular 
               priests of the church. The MacManus brothers suddenly stand, 
               as all others remain seated. Each church goer between them 
               and the aisle shifts his/her position to allow the boys 
               passage, as if on command. The two turn and begin to stride 
               for the alter, eyes down, determined.ANNABELLE MACMANUS (V.O.)(thick Irish accent)
                         They've never been like anyone else. 
                         From the moment they were born, of 
                         the same womb, on the same day, they 
                         just had their own way, my boys did. 
                         And I always knew that one day they 
                         would do something of true greatness. 
                         I just never expected they would 
                         bring about such a... such a 
                         reckoning.

               The MacManus brothers are fraternal twins. As Annabelle 
               MacManus speaks, Macklepenny is taken aback as he scans the 
               congregation amazed to find that he is the only one who thinks 
               this out of the ordinary.

               The monsignor begins his sermon. Macklepenny rises to stop 
               the boys from this disgraceful disturbance.

               The elder clergyman finds Macklepenny's arm, keeping him 
               seated while shaking his head. Macklepenny's confusion gives 
               way to awe as he watches the brothers step onto the altar, 
               brush by the six seated priests, and approach the enormous 
               crucifix.

               They both fall to their knees and kiss the feet of Christ. 
               They rise and as abruptly as they came, they turn and head 
               back down the aisle for the front door. They stop at the 
               rear of the church, turning to listen to the sermon.MONSIGNOR(loud, authoritative)
                         ...and I am reminded of this holy 
                         day of the sad story of Kitty 
                         Geneviese. This poor soul cried out 
                         time and time again for help but no 
                         person answered her calls. Though 
                         many saw, not one so much as called. 
                         Her assailant wiped the bloody knife 
                         off on her lifeless little body. 
                         They watched as he simply walked 
                         away. Nobody wanted to get involved. 
                         Nobody wanted to take a stand... We 
                         must fear evil men and deal with 
                         them accordingly but what we must 
                         truly guard against, what we must 
                         fear most
                              (beat)
                         Is the indifference of good men.

               The MacManuses turn and walk out the door.EXT. CHURCH STEPS  SUNNY MORNINGThe boys put on their dark glasses and pause at the top of 
               the steps to light up their cigarettes. They both roll their 
               cigarette butts along their tongues and screw them into their 
               lips. In this unique way they light up, seemingly oblivious 
               to their synchronicity and mimic.CONNOR(Irish accent)
                         I do believe the Monsignor finally 
                         got a point.MURPHY(Irish accent)
                         Aye.

               They leave.INT. NOLAND'S MEAT PACKING PLANT  4:00 P.M.  SAME DAYMurphy, wearing a white blood soaked smock and apron stands 
               around the corner of the entrance to the loading dock. He 
               grips a gigantic, bloody slab of meat and smirks. Connor 
               flips his cigarette out the loading dock and passes his 
               brother's hiding place. He notices the workers have stopped, 
               and are looking at him.CONNORWhat?

               Murphy slaps Connor square in the face with the bloody slab.

               Connor's face is caked with blood as he stands stunned. He 
               then leaps on Murphy, sending him into a pile of nearby 
               hamburger. He grabs a large cow tongue from a nearby heap 
               and begins slapping Murphy in the face with it as they both 
               laugh and the workers cheer.

               Their boss, McGERKIN approaches with a very large woman.

               Her head is clean-shaven. The two are still laughing, out of 
               breath, they turn.MCGERKINBoys this is Rose, Baum, Gurtle... 
                         Gurtle.ROZRozengurtle Baumgartner.MCGERKINYou'll be training her today, and do 
                         a good job.BOTH BOYSAye.CONNOR(wipes hand and extends 
                              it)
                         Pleased ta meet ya Rozie.

               She points to a tattoo on her neck that reads untouched by 
               man.ROZI prefer to be called Rozengurtle by 
                         men.CONNOR(taken aback)
                         Okay then... let's get ya started.

               Connor exits with Roz.MURPHYChrist, that's the largest woman 
                         I've ever seen.MCGERKINIt's self-imposed affirmative action. 
                         If we hire big, fat, angry lesbians, 
                         then the leftist groups representing 
                         big, fat angry lesbians, won't think 
                         we're violating their rights.MURPHYWell, how politically correct you 
                         are. That's good stuff.MCGERKINHey, those people can shut ya down. 
                         They'll sue you into the ground 
                         claiming they were put under mental 
                         duress, inner pain. and sufferin'.MURPHYWell, as long as we're hirin' fat 
                         lesbians, give your ma a call.

               Murphy laughs as he jogs away.MCGERKINFuck you Murphy.INT. NOLAND'S MEAT PACKING PLANT  CUT STATION  SAME DAYRozengurtle and Connor stand in front of a bunch of co-workers 
               who are cutting meat as it goes by on assembly.CONNOROkay, just cut off as much fat as 
                         you can as it goes by and the rule 
                         of thumb here is...ROZRule of thumb?CONNOR(questioningly)
                         Yeah?ROZDo you know where that term comes 
                         from? In the early 1900's it was 
                         legal for men to beat their wives as 
                         long as they used a stick no wider 
                         than their thumb.

               Connor holds up his thumb and stares at it.CONNORCan't do much damage with that. 
                         Perhaps, it shoulda been the rule of 
                         wrist. Ha!
                              (he elbows her)
                         Rule of wrist.

               She returns an icy stare. He hands her the knife. The co-
               workers all seem wary of Roz.

               Murphy stands on one side of Roz, Connor on the other, 
               surrounded by a tight group of workers. Everyone is within 
               ear shot of one another, cutting meat as it goes by. Knowing 
               glances are shared by everyone. It is an uncomfortable mood.CONNORHey Murphy?MURPHYAye.CONNOR(slight smirk)
                         How many feminists does it take to 
                         screw in a light bulb?MURPHYHow many?CONNORTwo. One ta screw it in and one ta 
                         suck my cock.

               Everyone burst out laughing. Rozengurtle jabs a knife in a 
               piece of meat and turns to Connor. She pushes him and starts 
               walking toward him. He starts backing up, laughing.ROZ(angry)
                         I knew you two pricks would give me 
                         problems. Give me shit cause I'm a 
                         woman. I'm not gonna take your male 
                         dominance bullshit!CONNOR(trying to calm her, 
                              but still chuckling)

                         Oh, come on now Rozengurtle. I was 
                         just tryin' ta get a rise outta ya.MURPHYYeah. Just tryin' ta break the ice 
                         is all.ROZ(to Murphy)
                         Fuck you...
                              (to Connor)
                         ...and fuck you!MURPHYOh, come on its St. Patty's Day. 
                         It's all in good fun.

               Employees gather around all the excitement.ROZ (V.O.)Baumgartner sound Irish to you, fuck 
                         face?CONNORNow look Rozengurtle, we're sorry. 
                         Just relax.

               She reaches back and punches Connor full force in the face.

               He takes the hit very well. He stops backing up.CONNORWhy don't you save all your aggression 
                         for protests and marches and what 
                         not.

               She suddenly drives her boot into his crotch, sending him to 
               the floor reeling with pain. Two female co-workers leap to 
               his aid.ROZYou fuckin' slaves. Kowtowing to the 
                         needs of men! Get up! Get the fuck 
                         up! Leave him there.

               Rozengurtle begins to turn, raising her fist to Murphy.

               Murphy winds up and punches her square in the face. She lands 
               on her back. The on-lookers are stunned as he walks over and 
               stands above her.MURPHYGuess you'll have ta change that 
                         tattoo now, won't ya Rozie!?INT. HALLWAY  MACMANUS' TENEMENT APT  BUILDING  DAYThe brothers get to the top of the stairs. Connor is hunched 
               over and moving slowly. Murphy giggles.CONNORFuck you.

               Connor flicks his cigarette butt out the large open loading 
               doors at the end of the hall. The red brick buildings stretch 
               down the alley both ways. The glowing butt falls to a filthy 
               resting place, directly next to a dented green dumpster with 
               half the paint job scraped off.INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APARTMENT  EARLY EVENINGThis is a decrepit, illegal loft. The boys enter, hang their 
               rosaries by the door and begin taking off their clothes.

               Connor sits naked on the couch and gently places a bag of 
               ice on his crotch. Murphy stands naked in the open quantity 
               shower. Murphy turns on the water and sticks his hand in the 
               stream.INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT  EARLY EVENINGConnor, still seated, cracks open a Guinness and sips it 
               lovingly. The phone rings.CONNORHello.MOM (V.O.)Connor, is that you?

               Something is obviously wrong in her voice.CONNOR(interested)
                         Mother, is that you?MOM (V.O.)Is that worthless brother of your 
                         there? I want you both ta hear this.CONNORMa, what's wrong?

               Murphy shuts off the water.MURPHYNo fuckin' hot water man. That...CONNORShut it. It's Ma.

               Murphy sees the concern in Connor's eyes and takes a step 
               closer.MOM (V.O.)It's all your fault. Both you little 
                         bastards. I was a fool to believe 
                         you would bring me any peace. The 
                         day your Da left us when you were 
                         almost too young to remember, he 
                         said the two of you would do me right 
                         and make me proud, but he was wrong 
                         and I got nothin' ta live for.CONNORMother, what are you sayin'? You're 
                         talkin' crazy here.

               Murphy is drawing closer with concern.MURPHYWhat's the matter with her?INT. ANNABELLE MACMANUS' HOUSE  IRELAND  NIGHTA wrinkly female hand grabs a large revolver resting next to 
               a half empty bottle of Hennessey.MOMI finally found your Da's army 
                         revolver, Connor.INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT  EARLY EVENINGCONNORWhat the hell are you doin' with 
                         Da's gun!?MURPHY(widening eyes)
                         What the...?MOM (V.O.)I got it ta my head now.
                         I got it ta my head now.CONNORWhat?! What are you doin'?MOM (V.O.)I want ta tell ya one last thing 
                         before I pull the trigger.CONNOR(screaming)
                         Pull the trigger?! Have ya lost it 
                         woman?! Now just calm down here.MURPHY(eyes widen)
                         Oh my god!MOM (V.O.)I...CONNORNo ma! No!MOM (V.O.)BLAME...CONNOR & MURPHYOh Jesus, No! No! Oh God! No Ma!MOM (V.O.)YOU...!Connor and Murphy are both screaming in panic.EXT. ANNABELLE MACMANUS' BACK STOOP  NIGHTMom stands on the back stoop holding the door ajar with her 
               hip. She holds the phone receiver up in her left hand and 
               the gun directly next to it, in her right. She squeezes off 
               a loud shot toward the heavens.INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT  EARLY EVENINGAs soon as the deafening sound pierces through the receiver, 
               Connor instinctively jumps up to a standing position. The 
               bag of ice bursts as it hits the floor and spreads across 
               it. He throws the receiver and covers his ears with both 
               hands.

               The phone then falls to the ground, skipping through the 
               cubes as the boys dive for it screaming. The two naked, 
               hysterical boys fumble for the phone, flailing on their 
               stomachs in the field of ice. They finally catch it and both 
               put their ears to the receiver in panic. As they scream MA 
               intermittently, the pauses get longer and longer.INT. ANNABELLE MACMANUS' APARTMENT  NIGHTMom's got her hand covering her mouth, face red from holding 
               back laughter, as she walks back into the house. She can 
               take it no longer and she bursts out with hearty guffaws.INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APARTMENT  EARLY EVENINGThe boys are relieved, but angry.CONNOR(grabs his balls, 
                              rolls over)
                         Aaaww, shit!... evil woman!MURPHYLord have mercy. That was a good one 
                         ma.MOM (V.O.)Oh, Jesus! No ma! Christ ma! No!

               Murphy holds the receiver in the air. Mom's still laughing.MURPHY(to Connor)
                         Oh, she's quite proud of herself.MOMOkay, seriously, both you listen ta 
                         me now.

               They both put an ear to the phone.CONNORAll right, we're both here.

               Mom pauses and cackles endlessly once again.MOM(finally)
                         It's only 11:00 here boys so I got 
                         lot's more drinkin' ta do with your 
                         worthless relatives down at the Anvil.MURPHYJust called ta torture us did ya?CONNORHow's Uncle Sibeal?MOMWell, you know how it is with him. 
                         Always complainin' he's never turnin' 
                         a profit on St. Patty's. Whole damn 
                         family goes down there with no money, 
                         cause we know he can't bear ta charge 
                         us.

               They all laugh.MOMBut he's been havin' himself a nip 
                         or two as well... Been up the 
                         waitress' skirt all night, poor girl.MURPHYWell you tell him ta take it easy 
                         with that. He's gotta learn ta respect 
                         women the way Connor does.CONNOROh, Jesus.MURPHYI gave him his first lesson in 
                         sensitivity toward the fairer sex 
                         just today.CONNORDon't even do it, ya bastard.MURPHY(laughs)
                         He got beat up by a girl.CONNORIf that was a girl I want ta see 
                         some papers. She had ta be just 
                         preoperative for Christ sakes.MOM(dogmatically)
                         Lord's name.BOTH(genuflecting, 
                              impassionate)
                         Mother Mary, full of grace.MOMWhat did you do, Connor?CONNORWell, we tried ta make friends and 
                         she gave me a shot ta the nuts.MOM(aghast)
                         What... the dirty bitch! I hope ya 
                         trounced her a good one!CONNORWell, I didn't but...MURPHY(shaking his fist)
                         Don't worry, I respected the hell 
                         out of her for ya, Ma.

               Mom laughs.MOMWell listen, I know how my boys take 
                         ta scrappin' when they take ta 
                         drinkin'.BOTH(semi-condescending)
                         Yes mother.MOM(light-hearted anger)
                         I mean it now. I carried the two of 
                         you little bastards around in my 
                         belly at the same time you ungrateful 
                         pissants. Ya ruined my girlish figure 
                         in one fell swoop, and then ya sucked 
                         me dry.
                              (grabbing her breast)
                         My tits are saggin' down ta my ankles. 
                         I trip over em for Christ sakes, now 
                         ya listen ta me, NO FIGHTEN!

               The boys laugh.MOMPromise me boys.MURPHYWe promise.CONNORYeah, we promise.MOMWell, there's my boys.
                              (pulls back curtain, 
                              looks out window)
                         Shit. I gotta go. Looks like I caused 
                         a ruckus with that shot. Half the 
                         damn neighborhood is comin'.MURPHYAll right, love ya ma. Listen, before 
                         ya go just give us the goods, eh?CONNORYeah. It's been twenty-seven years.MOMStill bickerin' over that, huh?CONNORCome on, ma. Out with it. Who came 
                         out first?MOMAll right, I suppose you have the 
                         right ta know.

               The boys stand shoulder to shoulder, naked. They peer into 
               the distance, ears to the phone, awaiting this most important 
               information.MOMAre ya ready?BOTHAye.

               Slight pause as mom slams a shot of Hennessey.MOM(yells)
                         The one with the biggest cock!

               Mom slams down the phone and lets out a throaty laugh. The 
               boys sign angrily. Connor walks over and hangs up the phone.CONNORCrazy woman.

               When he turns, he notices Murphy is fixated on his brothers 
               crotch. A triumphant smile spreads across his face.CONNORDon't start. I've had ice on mine.EXT. AN ALLEY  MORNINGPAUL SMECKER, F.B.I. agent, is lead by the Boston Chief of 
               Police through a jungle of ravenous reporters, police lines 
               and uniformed officers. He is impeccably dressed in a deep 
               red suit. He is smiling, confident as he walks. He is a very 
               good-looking, slender man.

               He looks intently, for a moment, at four uniformed officers.

               They approach two dead bodies, laying next to a dented green 
               dumpster with half the paint job scraped off.

               One man, IVAN CHECKOV, lays on his stomach, closer to the 
               dumpster than the other. The ass of his pants has been burnt 
               out and a large cotton bandage is in its place.

               The other, VLADDY, has a blood soaked bandage around his 
               head and is on his stomach as well. There are hundreds of 
               pieces of porcelain of various sizes everywhere. Three plain-
               clothed homicide detectives, DUFFY, DOLLY and GREENLY hover 
               close to the bodies. Dolly and Duffy listen to GREENLY, an 
               obvious rookie, give his over-confident theory of what took 
               place.

               The chief is about to interrupt them, but Smecker holds him 
               back with a smile. The two wait and watch in a position, 
               where the unsuspecting detectives have their backs to them.GREENLY(thick Boston accent)
                         ...so these guys are just kickin' 
                         the shit out of each other. This guy 
                              (points to Vladdy)
                         Picks up an old kitchen sink that 
                         some one threw out and crushes this 
                         guy 
                              (Checkov)
                         With it. All right, so it makes a 
                         big bang and alerts their friend, 
                         who's standin' look out around the 
                         corner. So he comes over and gets 
                         into it with this guy, 
                              (Vladdy)
                         He's angry at him, right? They get 
                         into an altercation in which the 
                         look out guy crushes this guy by 
                         jumpin on him. And look at the damage 
                         here.
                              (Vladdy)
                         I mean this guy's fuckin' hamburger 
                         man. His spine is crushed. He's all 
                         twisted and shit. That guy had to be 
                         one big mother fucker. Huge, 3-400 
                         pounds, fuckin huge.

               Smecker listens.

               The Chief is embarrassed.GREELYOr, okay. Check this out. Say these 
                         two don't even know the huge guy. 
                         They're just staggerin' home from a 
                         bar this morning, still all fucked 
                         up from St. Patty's last night. So 
                         they figure they'll take a short cut 
                         down the alley and this big mother 
                         fucker, he's just waitin'. And what 
                         could be more perfect for strong arm 
                         robbery? Two drunk guys all bandaged 
                         up. They're already injured for Christ 
                         sakes. He takes a blunt object and 
                         whacks the guy with the bandage on 
                         his head, right? Cause he's smart. 
                         He knows the guy with the bandage on 
                         his ass, he ain't going nowhere. 
                         Matter of fact, this guy's probably 
                         helping his friend with the rectal 
                         problem along. They're limping around 
                         like a couple of decrepit old broads. 
                         So once this guy's out of the picture
                              (denotes Vladdy)
                         this poor asshole, he tries to run. 
                         But look how far he gets fore the 
                         huge bastard catches up with him. 
                         Only a few yards. And what does he 
                         do? He gets creative. He picks up a 
                         sink and crushes the poor mother-
                         fucker. Then, he ain't done yet. He 
                         comes over here, jumps on this guy's 
                         back and crushes him to death.
                              (Vladdy)
                         He steals their shit and beats it! 
                         Thanks for comin' out!
                              (beat)
                         And look at this print...

               Greenly points out a large foot print on Vladdy's back.

               Some detectives nod in agreement. Smecker chuckles as he 
               shakes his head.GREENLYThat's one big fuckin' shoe!... and 
                         think about it. Of all the ways to 
                         kill a guy, crushin' him to death. 
                         That's very particular. You don't 
                         get many of those. I dunno. I feel 
                         something big here. I wouldn't be 
                         surprised if we see more of these 
                         turning up.SMECKER(stepping into the 
                              open)
                         Brilliant. So now we got a Huge guy 
                         theory and Serial crusher theory. 
                         Top fucking notch.
                              (to Greenly)
                         What's your name?GREENLYDetective Greenly. Who the fuck are 
                         you?

               Smecker saunters up to Greely and pulls his I.D. out of the 
               breast pocket of his sport coat and lets it hang. The large, 
               light blue letters, F.B.I. can be easily seen.SMECKERThat's who the fuck I am.

               All the detectives seem disgruntled and look to the Chief 
               for an explanation.CHIEFListen, I gotta go by the numbers on 
                         this one. I.D. just came back on 
                         these guys. They've got connections 
                         to the Russian mob. That makes it a 
                         federal matter and Agent Smecker, 
                         here, is heading up the investigation 
                         with our full cooperation.SMECKER(transfixed on Greely)
                         Why don't you get me a cup of coffee.GREENYWhat the fuck?SMECKERCaf� latte.GREENLYWho the...SMECKERTwist of lemon!GREENLY(to Chief)
                         Chief, what the fuck is this?SMECKERSweet-n-low!

               Greenly looks helplessly to the Chief, who simply nods. He 
               storms off the scene, upset. Smecker turns his back on 
               everyone and puts earphones in. He reaches down and hits 
               play. The choir song "Agnus dei" overtakes. He begins to 
               investigate. He kneels at the bodies for a moment then stares 
               at the opposite brick wall. He picks up a piece of porcelain 
               and scrapes it with his thumb.

               He quickly cocks his head toward the sky and begins to chuckle 
               as he says Jesus Christ, under his breath. He brushes some 
               paraffin on each of the dead men's hands. Duffy and Dolly 
               watch defiantly. They start to smile at one another as they 
               collectively realize his homosexuality. He is slightly 
               effeminate buy not overly fey.SMECKER(loudly)
                         Mitchell, Langley!

               Two uniformed officers approach.MITCHELLYes sir.SMECKERFind the manager of this building. 
                         See if he has had any complaints of 
                         water coming down in any apartments, 
                         starting just this morning. If he's 
                         not there, knock on every door 
                         starting from the third floor up. 
                         Langley, you take this building, 
                         same thing.

               Mitchell and Langley exit.SMECKERChaffey, Newman.

               Two more uniforms approach.CHAFFEYYes sir.SMECKER(to Chaffey)
                         Look in the trash around their hands. 
                         See if you can find me two bullet 
                         casings. 45's, if my eye serves me 
                         right. Don't disturb them. Mark them 
                         as they lay. Newman, root through 
                         this shit.
                              (points to the mountain 
                              of garbage)
                         If this was a sink find me some metal 
                         parts. Gimme a faucet or a drain 
                         cover or something.

               The two begin their tasks. Chaffey finds a casing near 
               Checkov's hand, hidden under the edge of the pile.CHAFFEYGot it. It's a 45.

               The homicide detectives are surprised as Chaffey looks for 
               the second shell. Smecker lights up a smoke.SMECKERChief, could you get ballistics down 
                         here and tell them they have to dig 
                         a 45 slug out of a brick wall.

               He points to a bullet hole in the opposing and tattered wall.SMECKER...and locate another that's been 
                         fired through a dumpster.

               He points to another bullet hole at the dumpster's base.CHIEFI got the best ballistics guy in the 
                         world. He's mobile. Got all his stuff 
                         right in the van. Can have him down 
                         here in 10 minutes.DOLLYHow did you know that?SMECKERParaffin came up positive. And bullet 
                         holes are usually a big clue.CHAFFEYI can't find the second one, sir.SMECKERLook under the body.CHAFFEY(obeys)
                         Got it.

               Smecker turns to detectives with a smirk.SMECKERYou guy's ready for this?

               They both nod.SMECKERThis was no gangland assassination. 
                         Though creative, it was way too 
                         sloppy. Something went wrong here. 
                         This has personal written all over 
                         it. Now, these men were crushed and 
                         the first natural reaction the body 
                         has to such trauma is to tense up. 
                         So now the two shots fired here were 
                         reflex rounds. These guys weren't 
                         shooting at anything, but they were 
                         just about to.

               Mitchell returns.MITCHELLAgent Smecker,
                              (pointing to MacManus 
                              building)
                         This is all illegal loft housing so 
                         there's no manager on the premises 
                         but I found a lady on the fourth 
                         floor said she's had water dripping 
                         down on her whole place. Started 
                         just this morning.SMECKERFourth floor huh? Then we're heading 
                         to the fifth. Let's go up and see 
                         just how right I am.INT. MACMANUS' APT. BUILDING  FIRST FLOOR  MORNINGThe detectives pile into the elevator, Smecker last. Greenly 
               has rejoined them. Smecker sips his latte.DUFFYSo what are you thinkin' here?SMECKERReally want to know?

               All the detectives chant the affirmative. The doors close.INT. MACMANUS' APT. BUILDING  ELEVATOR  FIFTH FLOOR  MORNINGAs the doors open, all the detectives chorus their disbelief.GREENLYNo way. You know how big a guy's 
                         gotta be to do that? Fuckin' huge.

               Smecker turns to Greenly in disbelief.SMECKER(beat)
                         Oooo. I might be wanting a bagel 
                         with my coffee.

               Smecker exits the elevator leaving the three silent detectives 
               with that thought.GREENLY(to Dolly)
                         I ain't getting him no fuckin' bagel.

               The detectives exit the elevator.INT. MACMANUS' DOORWAY  INSIDE APT  LOOKING OUT TO HALLMORNINGSmecker appears first, glancing in momentarily. The detectives 
               pile in behind him. They survey the situation in total awe.SMECKER(to Greenly)
                         We'll start the ass kissing with 
                         you.EXT. MACMANUS' APT. BUILDING  FRONT STEPS  MORNINGSmecker saunters out, detectives on his heels.MITCHELL(approaches Smecker)
                         Agent Smecker. I know this 
                         neighborhood pretty good. There's a 
                         bar called McGinty's down the block. 
                         It's a good bet they were there last 
                         night.SMECKER(turns to detectives)
                         Good work, Mitchell. I'll check that 
                         out myself.

               Duffy starts walking down the street. A REPORTER is hot on 
               his heels.REPORTERHey, Duffy. What the fuck happened 
                         here? You owe me. This is the one I 
                         want.DUFFYLet's go get a cup of coffee. You 
                         ain't gonna fuckin' believe this 
                         one.

               Smecker is standing on the front steps in front of uniformed 
               officers and homicide detectives.SMECKERI want A.P.B.'s put out. I want more 
                         uniforms on the streets. One thing's 
                         for sure, wherever these guys are 
                         they're hurting.INT. EMERGENCY ROOM  DAYA potent song takes our ears as The MacManus brothers sit in 
               the E.R. They have already received care. Their faces are 
               beaten and there are bandages and dried blood in various 
               spots. Connor's injuries exceed Murphy's. They are both clad 
               in only their leather boots, boxer shorts and worn out old 
               bathrobes.

               Young kids wait for medical attention, as their knife wounds 
               bleed. Two nuns in the corner console a third, whose robes 
               are ripped and face is beaten. A woman toward the end of the 
               hall is so badly beaten she is unrecognizable.

               As the song builds to a more harrowing chorus, a man enters.

               His clothes suggest he's a pimp. He is not injured. He looks 
               around as he stands, perturbed, at the end of the hall.

               He reaches over and grabs the beat up woman by the hair and 
               begins to drag her out. She is kicking and screaming from 
               the floor, grabbing at his wrists as he hauls her away.

               (Slo-mo) The boys, instantly furious, stand and begin to go 
               toward the action, but Connor's legs give out on him and he 
               falls to the floor. Connor, still trying to go after the 
               pimp, crawls towards him. Murphy helps his brother to his 
               chair and hold him tight.MURPHYOkay. Just calm down. Take it easy. 
                         He'll have his day. He'll have his
                              (turns)FUCKIN' DAY!Music fades.INT  EMERGENCY ROOM  DAY  FEW MINUTES LATERAn old Irishman enters the E.R. DOC (70 yrs.) has a serious 
               facial twitch and is prone to blinking uncontrollably. He 
               has a mild stutter. He also has Tourette's Syndrome and is 
               apt to yell his two chosen swear words every now and then, 
               first fuck! and after a slight pause, ass! He rushes up as 
               they stand to greet him. Murphy holds Connor up.MURPHYThanks for comin', Doc.DOC(Irish accent, squeaky 
                              voice)
                         J-Jesus. What the fuck happened? Are 
                         ya b-boys all right?CONNORWe're alive.DOCAn F.B.I. agent came by the bar. He 
                         left me his c-c, he left me his c-c, 
                         he left me this.

               He hands them a card with Smecker's name on it. They survey 
               it with interest.DOC(extremely loud)
                         Fuck!..........Ass!

               Everyone in the E.R. looks at Doc in shock. Connor and Murphy 
               don't even avert their eyes from the card.DOCWhat are you going to do?CONNORWe're going to turn ourselves in. It 
                         was self defense.DOCy-y-yeah that's what he said.MURPHYHow the fuck's he know that? We 
                         haven't spoken to anyone yet.DOCDon't know. He didn't say.

               The boys look puzzled. Murphy helps Connor down to his seat.MURPHYListen Doc, we need a favor.DOCA-anything.

               Murphy hands Doc a partially filled garbage bag.CONNORHold this shit for us, Doc. We'll be 
                         comin back for it when we get out.DOCRight.

               Doc exits, say one more "Fuck,...Ass", on the way out.INT. BOSTON POLICE STATION  PRECINCT OFFICE  DAYThe station is abuzz with the story. Connor and Murphy's 
               names are on all tongues. A legend starts. Every available 
               officer is in the room along with the homicide detectives.

               Smecker walks right down the middle.SMECKERFirst of all, I'd like to thank 
                         whichever one of you donut munching, 
                         barrel-assed dip-shits leaked this 
                         to the press. That's just what we 
                         need now, some sensational story in 
                         the papers making these guys out to 
                         be super heroes, triumphing over 
                         evil. And let me squash the rumors 
                         now. These two aren't heroes.
                              (rolls his eyes)
                         They are two ordinary men who were 
                         put in an extraordinary situation 
                         and they just happened to come out 
                         on top. Yes, nothing from our far 
                         reaching computer system has turned 
                         up jack shit on these two. All we 
                         know is what we found out from their 
                         neighbors. And the general consensus 
                         is that they're... angels.
                              (pause)
                         But angels don't kill and we got two 
                         bodies in the morgue that look like 
                         they've been...

               Smecker looks to Greenly. Dripping with sarcasm.SMECKER...serial crushed by a huge fuckin' 
                         guy.

               Some of the cops and homicide detectives laugh and chide 
               Greenly.CHAFFEYAre these me considered armed and 
                         dangerous?SMECKERWell, not armed. If they had guns, 
                         they'd have used them. But dangerous? 
                         Oh yeah.MITCHELLWhat makes you think they're 
                         dangerous? They were just protecting 
                         each other.EXT. BOSTON POLICE STATION STEPS  DAYThe two are limping up the precinct stairs. Connor is draped 
               over Murphy who helps his brother along, they are still 
               attired as in the E.R.INT. BOSTON POLICE STATION  PRECINCT OFFICE  DAYSMECKERLook, look! I'm not saying one way 
                         or the other. Just be careful and go 
                         by the protocol on this one.CHAFFEYAny tips on where these guys may be?SMECKER(to Officer Mitchell)

                         Any word back from the E.R.s?MITCHELLNo help at all. Swamped from St. 
                         Patty's. Packed with drunk, bloody 
                         Irish.SMECKERJust hit the bricks nice and hard.

               Grunt police work is going to bring this one in.GREENLY(talking loudly)
                         These guys are miles away by now.

               The brothers quietly enter in the back of the room. All the 
               officers are seated with their backs to them. Smecker and 
               the brothers make eye contact. He knows who they are. They 
               don't interrupt Greenly.GREENLYBut if you want to beat your head 
                         against a wall, then here's what you 
                         look for. These guys are scared like 
                         two little bunny rabbits. Anything 
                         in a uniform or flashing blue lights 
                         will spook them. So the only thing 
                         we can do is put a potato on a string 
                         and drag it through South Boston.

               There is light chuckling from the police at this crack.MURPHY(loud)
                         You'd probably have better luck with 
                         a beer.

               Everyone turns and looks.INT. INTERROGATION ROOM  BOSTON POLICE STATION  LATERThe boys sit in two chairs at a plain table with a recording 
               device on it. They are very serious and alert. Mitchell enters 
               with coffee for them. He shakes their hands and says he really 
               respects what they did. Surprised, they thank him. Chaffey 
               enters with donuts and a repeat performance of respect. Slowly 
               officers start to gather around the interrogation room door.INT. INTERROGATION ROOM  BOSTON POLICE STATION  DAY LATERThere are at least 20 officers and detectives packed in the 
               tiny room. The MacManus' visit with the excited cops. All 
               are in high spirits.

               The room is loud as Smecker walks in.SMECKERWhat the fuck is this!? This isn't a 
                         fuckin' tea party. Get out! Only 
                         thing I want in here is them.

               They all file out. Smecker and the boys look each other over.SMECKERThis conversation is going to be 
                         recorded. Just answer to the best of 
                         your knowledge.

               Smecker reaches for the record button. Murphy puts out his 
               hand to stop him.MURPHY(politely)
                         Excuse me, sir.

               Murphy turns to his brother and speaks in Latin, in hushed 
               tones. It is subtitled in English.MURPHY"What do we tell him about the guns 
                         and money?"CONNOR"We just got up and left. Bum musta 
                         rolled them before the police got 
                         there."MURPHY(to Smecker)
                         Okay. We're ready.

               Smecker in intrigued with this tiny display. He hits the 
               record button.SMECKERYou guys are not under oath, here. I 
                         am assuming you knew these two guys 
                         from before, huh?CONNORWe... met them last night.SMECKERThey had some pretty interesting 
                         bandages. Know anything about that?

               They look at each other.FLASHBACK. INT  MCGINTY'S PUB  NIGHT  ST. PATRICK'S DAYMcGinty's's is packed to the walls with drunken Irish. A lot 
               of faces are recognizable from Noland's Meat. Connor is in 
               front of the bar. He and Doc are staring at each other as if 
               waiting for one man to give in. Connor has his arms across 
               the chests of Murphy and some friends, holding them in place. 
               They are interested in the competition.PRESENTLY...CONNOR(presently, imitating 
                              Doc's voice)
                         Would someone please come over here 
                         and...DOCFuck!CONNORme up the...DOCAss!

               Everyone falls down laughing. Doc is angry and starts throwing 
               ice at them. DAVID DELLA ROCCO makes his way through the 
               crowd. Rocco is thirty-two years old. He has shoulder-length, 
               dark hair and a full beard and mustache that wrap around his 
               big smile. He charges up to the bar and yells to Doc.ROCCOHey! Fuck! Ass! Get me a beer!

               This sends everyone even further into laughter. Doc throws 
               two huge fists full of ice at him. He backs away laughing.

               The boys get up off the floor and have a huge group hug with 
               Rocco as they all scream each others names.

               They all laugh and commence drinking.INT. MCGINTY'S PUB  NIGHTThe bar is trashed. It's mostly empty now except for the 
               brothers, Rocco, Doc and four friends. Everyone is very drunk, 
               including Doc.ROCCO(trying to connect 
                              with Connor)
                         ...It's not that I'm homophobic. I'm 
                         just afraid of faggots.

               Connor pauses then bursts out laughing. Doc calls everyone 
               to gather round.DOCI got some bad news. Looks like I'm 
                         gonna have ta close d-down the bar. 
                         The Russians have been buying up 
                         buildings all over town, including 
                         this one... Fuck!... Ass! And they're 
                         not letting me renew my lease. I got 
                         'til the end of the week to come up 
                         with 26,000 dollars, or they take 
                         the place. I left them a note telling 
                         them not to show their faces t-
                         tonight. They been pressuring me ta 
                         close and take the last few days ta 
                         get all my shit outta here but it's 
                         my right to stay open ta the last.

               Long pause as everyone absorbs. They are upset.ROCCOLet me talk to my boss, may I can...

               He is cut off by everyone who obviously opposes Mafia 
               involvement.DOCL-l-listen I don't want anyone ta 
                         know until the last possible moment. 
                         So you guys keep your traps shut. ya 
                         know what they say; People in glass 
                         houses sink ships.

               Everyone has quizzical looks on their faces.ROCCOY'know Doc, I gotta get you a, a, 
                         like a proverb book or something. 
                         This mix and match shit's gotta go.DOCWhat?

               Everyone chuckles.CONNOR(imitating Doc)
                         A p-penny saved is worth two in the 
                         bush.MURPHY(imitating Doc)
                         Don't c-cross the road if ya can't 
                         get out of the kitchen.

               Everyone laughs heartily. Just then, three large Russians in 
               suits enter. The obvious leader, CHECKOV, stands in front 
               with VLADDY behind one of Checkov's shoulders, with another 
               guy behind the other shoulder. They mean business. The 
               laughter fades.CHECKOV(thick Russian accent)
                         I am Ivan Checkov. You will be closing 
                         now.MURPHY(after a long pause)
                         This is McCoy... we find Spock and 
                         we got enough for an away team.

               Everyone laughs. Ivan is angry.CHECKOVOh, how extraordinary. A bunch of 
                         Irishmen... and they are being drunken 
                         idiots. You are killing the 
                         stereotype. I'm in no mood for 
                         discussion.
                              (points to Doc)
                         You! You stay. The rest of you go 
                         now.DOCWhy don't you make like a tree and 
                         get the fuck outta here!

               The locals roll their eyes at Doc's blunder.CONNORCalm down, Doc. I'm sure they're 
                         reasonable fellows.

               He and Murphy each grab a Guinness and a shot of Hennessey 
               and they approach the Russians with the peace offering.CONNORListen fellas, Y'know he's got 'til 
                         this week's end. Ya don't have ta be 
                         hard asses, do ya?MURPHYYeah, it's St. Patty's day. Everyone's 
                         Irish tonight. Now, why don't ya 
                         pull up a stool and have a drink 
                         with us?CHECKOVYou insult me. I would never drink 
                         that sewage. Especially with you 
                         people. You are fools.

               Checkov slaps the beer to the floor.CHECKOVThis is no game! If you won't go, we 
                         will make you go!

               The boys look at each other, remembering what Mom said.

               They still hold the shots.CONNORIf ya want a fight, you can see you're 
                         outnumbered. We're trying ta be civil 
                         here, so I suggest you take our offer.CHECKOVI make the offers, ass-hole.

               Rocco pushes off the bar. He's had enough.ROCCO(standing between the 
                              two brothers)
                         Hey, there Boris. What would you say 
                         if I told you that your pinko, commie 
                         mother sucked so much dick...

               Wham! Ivan punches him in the face. He is quickly down and 
               out. Connor and Murphy's faces turn to stone as they speak 
               the next few lines in flawless fluent Russian with English 
               subtitles.CONNOR"Now, that wasn't too polite, was 
                         it?"MURPHY"I'm afraid we can't let that one 
                         go, Ivan."

               Checkov is completely taken aback. All the Irish are fairly 
               impressed as well.CONNORI don't think Ma would mind.

               They clink the glasses together, throw back the Hennessey, 
               ball up the thick glasses in their fists, drop to one knee 
               and both deliver a devastating blow to each of Checkov's 
               quads. Murphy on the left, Connor on the right. He's down 
               for the count, writhing on the floor.

               The boy's each take a Russian guy and start fighting as the 
               others start kicking and spitting on Checkov. This is a bar 
               brawl, lots of punches don't connect. Connor dismantles his 
               man quickly. Murphy is still fighting as all the Irish try 
               to jump in and help Murphy but Connor goes into psycho mode, 
               pushing them all back.CONNORLet the boy go. He knows what the 
                         fuck he's doing!

               They all back off and start to cheer him on. Murphy and Vladdy 
               are ripping each other apart. Vladdy backs him against a 
               wall and pulls back, exhausted, for one good punch. Murphy 
               reaches up behind his head with both hands and pulls two 
               bottles of wine from a wall rack. He swings them toward each 
               other with Vladdy's head as the mid-point. The bottles 
               haphazardly connect, one on each side of his head. He crumples 
               to the ground in an explosion of glass and wine.

               There is shock and silence.CONNORNicely done, boy!INT. MCGINTY'S PUB  NIGHT  A FEW MINUTES LATERThey have Ivan Checkov tied down to the bar on his stomach.

               Connor stands with an unlit cigarette dangling from his lips 
               next to Ivan. He pours Hennessey all over Checkov's buttocks.

               They all cheer. Ivan's face is battered as Rocco wakes and 
               approaches. He punches Checkov in the face in complete rage.

               Two friends subdue him as all chuckle.CONNORNow, like my fine brother says, on 
                         St. Patty's everyone's Irish. And 
                         this piece of shit is about to be 
                         initiated.

               As they cheer, Connor lights up his smoke and tosses the 
               match on Ivan's butt.

               The Hennessey is instantly ablaze and Checkov is screaming 
               and wiggling in horror. Some just stand there stunned, but 
               most of the remaining onlookers leap to Ivan's aid. They 
               furiously pat him out and turn on Connor.FRIEND #1Are ya tryin' ta kill him, ya fuck?INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT  EARLY NEXT MORNINGConnor and Murphy, fairly beat up, sit up on their beds.

               They wear tattered bathrobes and boxer shorts. They put their 
               feet down into their leather boots. The boys examine the 
               extent of one another's injuries and reflect on their 
               hangovers. They both laugh and grab their heads in pain.

               Boom! The door breaks open and in hobbles Checkov and Vladdy, 
               guns drawn. Checkov is all beat up and the ass of his pants 
               is burnt out. A bulky bandage covers his buttocks. Vladdy 
               has a large bandage around his head. The boys stand in 
               surprise.

               Ivan smashes Connor in the forehead with his gun, sending 
               blood gushing down his face as he falls to the floor. Murphy 
               helplessly yells his brother's name as he is brought to his 
               knees by Vladdy. Ivan positions Connor on his knees before 
               the toilet, which is open to the room. Checkov puts his foot 
               on Connor's head and proceeds, as he struggles, to hand cuff 
               him to the old toilet. So now Connor is bleeding and hugging 
               the commode with his hands cuffed behind the bowl base.CHECKOV(almost whispering)
                         I was going to kill you. But I'm 
                         not... I'm going to kill your brother. 
                         I'm going to take him down to the 
                         dumpster and I'm going to shoot him 
                         in the head. Then I'm going to throw 
                         his dead body in the garbage.
                              (looks at this watch)
                         Trash guys are coming in 10 minutes, 
                         gotta go.

               Checkov walks towards the door and says "let's go" to Vladdy.MURPHYIt was just a bar fight. You guys 
                         are fuckin' pussies!

               Vladdy pulls him to his feet and leads him away following 
               Checkov.

               Connor, blood running from his face, listens to absolute 
               silence for just a moment. Suddenly his face reads the gravity 
               of the situation. In a split second he turns into an animal. 
               He's yelling, pulling, tugging and growling.

               His body is a whirlwind of motion. The skin on his wrists 
               bleeds profusely.EXT. ALLEY  MORNINGVladdy and Checkov lead Murphy out back into the alley.

               Murphy is on his knees next to the dumpster. Checkov has his 
               gun to the boy's head. He acts like he's going to pull the 
               trigger, but he stops. Vladdy is standing twenty feet away 
               with his back to them keeping a look out, gun in hand.INT. CONNOR AND MURPHY'S APT.  MORNINGConnor becomes so venomous, that he pulls the entire toilet 
               right out of the floor.INT. TO EXT.  MACMANUS' TENEMENT  LOADING DOORS  MORNING(slo-mo) Connor steps out onto the sill of the huge, open 
               loading doors. He is five stories up. His muscles ripple 
               with the weight of the toilet. His face is barbaric.EXT. ALLEY  MORNINGFrom his kneeling position, Murphy can see his brother perched 
               50 feet overhead. He does not let his face betray him.CHECKOVI hope your conscience is clear, 
                         Irishman.EXT. MACMANUS' TENEMENT  LOADING DOORS  MORNING(slo-mo) Connor bends his knees and heaves the toilet upward 
               and swings one arm directly beneath it. He is no longer 
               tethered around the basin. He holds it at a cocked angle.

               The heavy porcelain tank cover slips off the toilet.

               He tosses the toilet in a left and outwardly trajectory, 
               then he jumps off the sill to the right. He is sailing through 
               the air about twenty feet behind, and to the right of the 
               toilet, cuffed hands above his head, robe up like a cape 
               behind him. Murphy screamsEXT. ALLEY  MORNING(slo-mo) Checkov begins to laugh heartily. The tank top lands 
               pristinely on a garbage bag just behind Murphy. Ivan's look 
               turns to one of terror. Bam! He is crushed by the toilet. 
               Boom! His gun goes off, punching a hole in the dumpster near 
               the bottom. Vladdy hears the bang and crouches as he turns 
               to see a wave of tiny porcelain bits.

               Connor lands squarely on Vladdy's back. His gun discharges 
               firing a hole in the brick of the opposing wall. He is 
               savagely crushed against the ground. Connor bounces off and 
               hits the wall, landing in the garbage completely unconscious.

               Murphy takes his hands from his head. There is dead silence.

               He runs to his brother, pulls him from the trash and checks 
               his vital signs. He seems okay. Vladdy, still alive, slowly 
               crawls for his gun, inadvertently covering his own bullet 
               casing. Murphy goes over, picks up the tank cover and clubs 
               the man to death with two hard and fast blows, then throws 
               it up and behind him. It lands in the dumpster with a 
               resonating boom.

               Murphy quickly takes everything from the scene; guns, money, 
               wallets, watches and a pager. He shoves it in a garbage bag 
               and throws Connor over his shoulder and runs out of the alley.BACK TO PRESENT. INT. BOSTON POLICE STATION INTERROGATIONROOM  AFTERNOONSmecker stares astounded at Connor and Murphy. The boys 
               examine Smecker for a reaction. He slowly builds to a chuckle. 
               The brothers join in.SMECKER(gathering himself)

                         So, how is it that you guys are fluent 
                         in Russian?CONNORWe paid attention in school.SMECKERKnow any other languages?MURPHYAye. Our mother insisted on it. 
                         French.

               Murphy speaks flawless French with subtitles.MURPHY(subtitled)
                         How do you think he figured all this 
                         out without talking to us?CONNORItalian.

               Connor speaks flawless Italian with subtitles.CONNOR(subtitled)
                         I have no idea. Maybe someone saw 
                         and talked.MURPHYGerman.
                              (subtitled)
                         Not in our neighborhood, man. A 
                         hundred percent Irish. No one talks 
                         to cops. Period.CONNORSpanish.
                              (subtitled)
                         Then I guess he's just real... real 
                         good.SMECKERWhat are you guys doing working at a 
                         fucking meat packing plant?

               The brothers laugh. Chaffey enters.CHAFFEYAh, Agent Smecker, we have a problem.SMECKERWhat?CHAFFEYThe press is everywhere outside. 
                         They're going nuts for these guys. 
                         What do you want to do?SMECKERYou're not being charged. It's up to 
                         you. Do you want to talk to them?CONNORAbsolutely not.MURPHYNo pictures, either.SMECKERWell, we could try the bag over the 
                         head thing. Walk you right out the 
                         front.CONNOROur mother can see through bags.MURPHYAye, she can. 
                              (beat)
                         Any way we can stay here?CHAFFEYSure, we have an empty holding cell, 
                         They can... can they stay?SMECKERWell, we'll have to check with your 
                         mother, but it's ok with me if your 
                         friends sleep over.

               They all chuckle. Chaffey is embarrassed. Smecker stands.SMECKERTime to feed the dogs.

               Smecker leaves.CONNORHe's a nice guy.

               Murphy speaks with the characteristic gay man's lingering"S".MURPHYYes... he is.

               They laugh.EXT. BOSTON POLICE STATION  FRONT STEPS  EARLY EVENINGThe police chief is standing on the front steps of the police 
               station making a statement to the ravenous press: cameras 
               and pushy reporters. Agent Smecker stands slightly behind 
               him.

               Rocco stands amidst the sea of reporters as the chief begins.CHIEFThis is our official statement. The 
                         MacManus brothers are not being 
                         charged with a crime. It was a clean-
                         cut case of self defense. We have 
                         thanked them for their cooperation 
                         and we thank you, the media, for 
                         your tireless pursuit of the truth.

               The press is ablaze with questions. Smecker turns and walks 
               down the precinct steps, passing Rocco, who carries a bunch 
               of folded clothes, and heads for the police station. Smecker 
               glances in Rocco's direction, barely noticing the man who 
               has already passed him.INT. MACMANUS' CELLS  EARLY EVENINGRocco approaches the wide open cell as Chaffey and Mitchell 
               play cards with the brothers. Happy to see each other the 
               boys and Rocco embrace. He hands them their clothes.INT. MACMANUS' CELL  NIGHTThe boys are in a tight cell with a bed on each side. They 
               are in their own clothes now. The brothers are fast asleep.

               Suddenly, they lurch forward, throwing their chests out, 
               lips tight, still asleep.INT. POLICE STATION BATHROOM  NIGHT.An officer turns on the faucet of a sink and begins to wash 
               his hands. We go down to the pipes beneath the porcelain 
               basin. An old leak seeps water through a crack in the floor.INT. MACMANUS' CELL  NIGHTA water leak starts on the ceiling. It drips faster and 
               faster. The water begins to follow a water damaged crack 
               along the ceiling. It slowly spreads in two directions.

               The brothers struggle for air in their sleep. Then slowly, 
               and at the same time, they each reach up one arm apiece and 
               simultaneously curl their hands as if grabbing something.

               Their straining faces are brought from darkness to light as 
               they sit up quickly, face to the ceiling.

               Their eyes open wide and they each draw their first breath 
               as drops of the creeping water land on their foreheads.

               They look at each other across the room in shock as the drips 
               of water still fall between them.CONNORDestroy all that which is evil...MURPHY...so that which is good may flourishINT. MANMANUS' CELL  NEXT MORNINGMurphy and Connor sleep. Murphy awakes to a beep, beep, beep.

               He removes Checkov's pager from the pocket of his bathrobe.INT. PRECINCT OFFICE  MORNINGConnor and Murphy enter as Greenly, Dolly, Duffy, Chaffey 
               and Mitchell are having coffee and donuts. They greet each 
               other warmly. Connor grabs a pen and walks to the hallway.CONNORBe right back...DUFFYWe would be honored, sir, if you 
                         would join us peasants, in a donut.

               Duffy hands Murphy a jelly donut and a cup of coffee as Dolly 
               spreads a copy of the Boston Globe in front of Murphy. The 
               headlines read "The Saints of South Boston." All the 
               detectives chuckle as Murphy is momentarily absorbed. He 
               takes the paper.MURPHYSaints?  
                              (beat)
                         I will not accept this pizzle until 
                         my feet have been properly anointed.

               They laugh.INT. PRECINCT OFFICE  MORNINGConnor cradles the receiver of a pay phone between his cheek 
               and shoulder. He pockets the pager. As the phone rings, he 
               readies his pen. The other end of the line picks up and a 
               thick Russian accent instantly begins speaking. Connor 
               responds by speaking a few words in Russian before he realizes 
               it's a recorded message. He begins writing. He hangs up the 
               phone and smiles as he lights up a cigarette.INT. POPPA JOE YAKAVETTA'S OFFICE  DAY. A.K.A. THE JOKE.Rocco, still sporting a shiner, enters an office. There are 
               papers everywhere and it is a cluttered mess of telephones, 
               filing cabinets, lamps and chairs. Rocco clutches a brown 
               paper bag as if it is made of gold. POPPA JOE YAKAVETTA, 
               Rocco's boss, is on the phone. He is in his late forties.

               He's always comfortably dressed; sleeves rolled up, collar 
               unbuttoned.

               VINCENZO LIPAZZI swaggers across the office to Rocco. He is 
               in his late thirties. He goes out of his way to look like 
               Elvis; open shirt, gold chains and medallions. He is 
               overweight and has a bouffant hairdo, accompanied by Elvis 
               shades. Vincenzo flips a half dollar in his hand constantly.

               Rocco and Vincenzo hate each other. Yakavetta talks on the 
               phone.VINCENZO(hushed)
                         Well, it's the funny man. Give it 
                         here, package boy.ROCCO(a bit defiant)
                         Joey Bevo said it was important. 
                         Said I had to give it to him myself.VINCENZO(snatching the package)
                         Gimme the fuckin' thing. Now sit the 
                         fuck down!

               Rocco obeys like an angry child. Vincenzo puts it in front 
               of Yakavetta. He sits on a filing cabinet and flips his coin. 
               Vincenzo giggles and whispers as he pokes fun at Rocco.

               The two of them resemble kids behind the teacher's back.VINCENZO(hushed)
                         I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man. Heee 
                         Hee. I'm so fuckin' funny. Hee Hee.ROCCOFuck you Vincenzo.VINCENZO(hushed)
                         Tell me a joke funny man. Hee Hee.ROCCOI caught your show down at the velvet 
                         room at the Holiday Inn, loved it 
                         when you busted into Viva Las Vegas.

               Vincenzo's face drops he gets up and starts walking toward 
               Rocco. Roc points at him from a seated position. He's scared.ROCCOHey, hey, hey...

               Suddenly Yakavetta jumps to a standing position. He yells.YAKAVETTAFuck you! I could snap my fingers 
                         and have you dead in four hours, 
                         rotting in a truck off of Boyleston! 
                         You insignificant little fuck! I 
                         always get my fuckin' money!

               He slams the phone down. Rocco and Vincenzo are shocked but 
               try to look composed.YAKAVETTAFuckin' 90's are killin' me. I 
                         shouldn't a done that. You're not 
                         supposed to tell a guy you're gonna 
                         kill him anymore. I gotta tip-toe 
                         through the tulips with these 
                         assholes. I prance. I'm a prancer. 
                         It's what I do... sucked all the fun 
                         right out of this job.

               As he speaks he unwraps the wax paper in the bag. Rocco looks 
               over his shoulder. It's a sandwich. He's embarrassed.

               Vincenzo smirks at him.ROCCOPoppa Joe, you want me to go now?YAKAVETTAYeah. Thanks, Rocco. See ya.

               Rocco starts for the door. Vincenzo begins whispering in 
               Yakavetta's ear.YAKAVETTAHey, Rocco, wait. Come back here.ROCCOYeah boss?

               Vincenzo continues whispering for a few more seconds, long 
               enough for Rocco to see. Vincenzo's lips are tight. His teeth 
               grind.YAKAVETTAI always see you talking to the boys 
                         and making them laugh. They always 
                         come around telling me what a crack 
                         up you are. What is it they call 
                         you?ROCCO(totally intimidated)
                         The... The funny man.YAKAVETTAThe funny man. Well, I got a new job 
                         for you, just for now. Roc, I'm having 
                         a real shitty day. I'm depressed. 
                         Tell me a funny story or a joke.ROCCO(terrified)
                         Uh. Okay... um... you hear the one 
                         about the, no fuck that one... uh... 
                         oh! oh! Well... shit. Okay, there's 
                         a white guy. He's walkin' along the 
                         beach and he finds a, a pot, y'know 
                         and ah, he rubs it and this genie 
                         pops out. But this genie, he's a 
                         ni... he's a black guy.YAKAVETTAHe's a nigger.ROCCOYeah. And uh, he's pissed off. He 
                         says, "Why you crackers always gotta 
                         find my mother fuckin' pot? And he 
                         tells him he's gonna grant all his 
                         three wishes but he's gonna give all 
                         the black guys...VINCENZO AND YAKAVETTANiggers!ROCCOSorry! Sorry! All the niggers on the 
                         planet get double what he wishes 
                         for. "I'll take a million dollars," 
                         he says. Genie give it to him and 
                         says every nigger on earth just got 
                         two million. "I don't care gimme a 
                         yacht." Poof there it is.
                              (intimidated, losing 
                              steam)
                         E-every bl... every nigger just got 
                         two yachts. Genie goes...
                              (gives up)
                         I'm sorry Poppa Joe. I can't. This 
                         joke sucks.

               Yakavetta takes a long pause.YAKAVETTAContinue the joke.ROCCO(deflated)
                         He says, "What's your third wish?" 
                         And the guys says, "I-I want you to 
                         beat me half to death."

               There's a long tense pause. Suddenly, Yakavetta throws his 
               head back and roars with laughter. Vincenzo joins in. Rocco 
               lets out a semi-audible sign of relief and gradually starts 
               laughing himself.YAKAVETTA(still in guffaw)
                         Very good stuff, Rocco. Very good 
                         stuff. Tell me another one.

               Rocco returns to terror. Yakavetta erupts again pointing at 
               Rocco.INT  COMMON BOSTON HOME  ANTEROOM  TWILIGHTConnor and Murphy give a huge Irishman guns, money and gold 
               watches. He hands them two big black duffle bags and motions 
               for them to help themselves as he counts the money. They 
               enter a well equipped arsenal. They are giddy as they go on 
               their first shopping spree. They toss in masks and gloves.

               They toss in four identical black finished 9mm handguns with 
               silencers.CONNORKnow what we need, man?... some rope.MURPHYFor what?CONNORCharlie Bronson's always got rope.MURPHYWhat?CONNORYeah, these guys always got a lot of 
                         rope strapped around em in the movies 
                         and they always end up using it.MURPHYOh, you've lost it, haven't ya?CONNORI'm serious.MURPHYMe too. That's stupid. Name one thing 
                         we're gonna need it for.CONNORI don't know they just always need 
                         it.MURPHYWhat is all this "they" shit? This 
                         ain't a movie.

               Connor pulls a large hunting knife from Murphy's bag.CONNORIs that right, Rambo?MURPHYAll right, get the stupid fuckin' 
                         rope.INT. SMECKER'S BEDROOM  NIGHTPaul Smecker lies in bed with his young lover, Reuben (mid-
               twenties). He has an innocent, feminine look and a GQ air 
               about him. The two have just had sex and Reuben is far more 
               excited about it than Smecker.

               Reuben pants and gestures that it was a wonderful experience.

               Smecker watches TV.

               Reuben reaches over and affectionately places a hand on 
               Smecker's chest. Paul tosses it off with indifference.

               Reuben has a pouty look. The phone rings.SMECKERUh,huh. 
                              (pause)
                         Room number.

               Reuben throws an arm over Smecker's abdomen and places his 
               head on Paul's bare chest as if to now force affection.SMECKERWe got a time of death?

               He is visibly miffed with Reuben's sudden display. He tries 
               to pull the arm away but Reuben holds tight.SMECKER(sighs)
                         What's the body count?  

               Smecker is annoyed. He slaps Reuben semi-gently once on his 
               exposed cheek. Reuben closes his eyes and holds even tighter.SMECKERUh, huh.

               He bites his lower lip in anger and smack Reuben again on 
               the same cheek, hard. Reuben jumps to a sitting position 
               holding his cheek. He is shocked and hurt.SMECKERI'll be down there in a bit. Keep 
                         the press out.

               He hangs up. Immediately to Reuben, semi-angry.SMECKERWhat are you doing?REUBEN(beat)
                         I was just trying to cuddle.SMECKERCuddle?... 
                              (yelling)
                         What a fag!INT. PLAZA HOTEL  HALLWAY  NIGHT  12:30 A.M.Smecker saunters down the hall, his usual confident smile.

               He is impeccably dressed in a brightly colored suit. Greenly 
               stands directly outside an open door at the hall's end. A 
               steady flow of detectives and forensics filter in and out.

               Smecker halts before Greenly and looks straight into his 
               eyes.SMECKER(intrigued)
                         He's struck again, hasn't he, Greenly?GREENLYWhy do you always disrespect me like 
                         that?SMECKERRespect is earned, Greenly, never 
                         given. Guys like you should have to 
                         follow me around squabbling for the 
                         scraps from my table.INT. PLAZA HOTEL  SUITE LIVING ROOM  NIGHTSmecker and Greenly walk into a large sunken living room 
               with high ceilings. There is a huge white shaped pit couch 
               in the center with seven dead bodies draped across it. All 
               the bodies have been turned so they are either seated or on 
               their backs and bright new pennies have been place in their 
               eyes. There is one corpse directly in the middle of the living 
               room, making eight. This victim (THE FAT MAN) is overweight 
               and is lying in debris made up of sheet rock and broken wood 
               which spreads thinly for a five foot radius around him.

               The victims' body positions are in a circle with the fat man 
               as the hub. Smecker is instantly engulfed. The regular 
               homicide detectives are on hand with their I.D.s hanging out 
               of their breast pockets. They see Smecker and back off.

               Duffy wears an especially loud tie. Smecker lights up a smoke. 
               He circles around and sees another body behind the couch, 
               which makes nine. The victim is on his back, with pennies 
               stuck in his eyes.SMECKERHow many bodies, Greenly?GREENLY(still Dejected)
                         Eight.


               Smecker's eyes widen as he turns to Greenly.GREENLY(catching himself)
                         No! Shit! I didn't see that one. 
                         Nine! Nine!

               Smecker takes a beat. He addresses the detectives.SMECKERWhile Greenly's getting coffee, 
                         anybody else want anything?GREENLY(as he walks to the 
                              door)
                         Shit! Shit!

               Smecker surveys the scene.SMECKERSo Duffy, got any theories to go 
                         with that... tie.DUFFY(looks down)
                         These guys were pros. I think they 
                         were coming for one target, the fag 
                         man, he was the...SMECKERThe what man?DUFFY(surprised)
                         The fat man.SMECKERWell, Freud was right. So you think 
                         they came for the fag man, huh? And 
                         what do you base this upon?DUFFYHe was the only one done right. Two 
                         in the back of the head.SMECKERAnd the pennies?DUFFYNew hitman wants to leave his markSMECKERThat's a possibility. Y'know you 
                         Boston cops are perking up. That's 
                         two sound theories in one day, neither 
                         of which deal with abnormally sized 
                         men. 
                              (pause)
                         Another possibility is that they 
                         were placed there with religious 
                         intent.DUFFYYeah. Some cultures still put pennies 
                         in the eyes of the dead, or silver.SMECKERThe Greeks. The Italians.DUFFYThe Sicilians.DOLLYWhat's the symbology there?

               Smecker tosses the Idiot glance to Dolly.SMECKERSymbology? Well, now that Duffy has 
                         relinquished his King Bone Head crown 
                         I see we have an heir to the throne. 
                         I'm sure the word you were looking 
                         for was symbolism. What's the 
                         symbolism there? Let me explain it 
                         to you. In Greek and Roman mythology 
                         when you died you would have to pay 
                         the toll to Charon, the boatman who 
                         ferried you across to the gates of 
                         judgment. This made sure the dead 
                         came to atone for what they did during 
                         their lives, Detective...

               Smecker looks at his I.D.SMECKERDollapoppaskalious.

               The detectives are impressed.DOLLY (DOLLAPOPPASKALIOUS)Holy shit. You're the first one that's 
                         ever got that.SMECKER(aside)
                         Yeah, well... I'm an expert in name-
                         ology.

               The detectives chuckle.INT. PLAZA HOTEL  SUITE LIVING ROOM  NIGHTSmecker is chain smoking. His clothes appear unkempt. His 
               eyes show emotion at every new found clue. The detectives 
               watch closely. He is hunched over the body of the fat man 
               probing his wounds with his gloved fingers. Greenly has re-
               entered. He defiantly holds a cup of coffee but is too 
               intimidated to interrupt Smecker. He sets it down and folds 
               his arms.SMECKERI've seen burns like these before. 
                         They used silencers. Look at these 
                         entry and exit wounds. They're 
                         identical.

               He stands up and gives a lesson to the now eager detectives.

               He points his two index fingers to the back of his own skull.SMECKERThe two bullets went in here, through 
                         the top of the skull, criss-crossed 
                         and exited through the eyeballs. 
                         This one clue tells us three distinct 
                         facts. Number one... Duffy.DUFFYThey shot him at a downward angle.
                              (makes connection)
                         They put him on his knees.SMECKERExcellent! Number two. Greenly.GREENLYUh. 
                              (thinking hard)
                         Shit, I, uh...SMECKERIt tells us that he was the last to 
                         die. All these men 
                              (fans across the 
                              corpses with his 
                              hand)
                         Were carrying. They came in, dropped 
                         all in seconds and then took their 
                         time with fag man. Didn't they, 
                         Duffy?!
                              (psychotic laugh)
                         They sure as fuck did!

               A wide-eyed Duffy joins with Smecker, by nodding his head.

               Smecker is seducing all of them.SMECKERAnd number three, Dolly.DOLLYUh... two shooters!SMECKERFan-fuckin-tastic!

               Greenly and Duffy want to know how.SMECKERNow stay with me, boys. What did 
                         they do to make two such identical 
                         wounds? Did one guy put him on his 
                         knees, pop a cap in, sit him back up 
                         and shoot him again the same way? 
                         No. Two men of similar height dropped 
                         this guy down, each put some iron to 
                         his head and boom! That's all she 
                         fuckin' wrote!DUFFYWhat about one guy with two guns?SMECKERPossible, but unlikely. The angles 
                         are too extreme. A guy holding two 
                         guns to the back of your head is 
                         gonna shoot straight ahead. He 
                         wouldn't cock out his elbows, makes 
                         no sense. Besides, you telling me 
                         one guy came in here and killed eight 
                         men with eight extremely well aimed 
                         shots in just a few seconds? No way. 
                         Had to be at least two.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  SUITE LIVING ROOM  NIGHT  LATERSmecker is now a complete mess. His hair is totally frazzled.

               He is sucking on cigarettes long and hard. His clothes are 
               completely disheveled.SMECKERTelevision,... television is the 
                         explanation for this.

               Smecker points toward the ceiling revealing a huge gaping 
               hole in it just above the living room.SMECKERYou see this is bad television.
                              (again pointing out 
                              the hole in the 
                              ceiling)
                         The little assault guys creeping in 
                         through the vents and coming in 
                         through the ceilings. That James 
                         Bond shit never happens in real life. 
                         Professionals don't do that. So we've 
                         got this up here, which has novice 
                         written all over it. And all this 
                         down here that's simply a perfect 
                         textbook assassination. So here's 
                         our two possibilities. We either 
                         have rank amateurs that got lucky or 
                         consummate professionals that fucked 
                         up.

               The detectives nod in agreement. They are now completely 
               taken in by Smecker's spell.SMECKERJoin me in a drink, gentlemen.

               They go over and grab seats at the bar. Smecker mixes himself 
               a gin and tonic on the other side. He is calming down now 
               and going back into cool mode. He starts to tuck his clothes 
               back in and fix his hair. He leans over the bar and sips his 
               drink. The three detectives lean in.SMECKERWith the exception of my coffee boy, 
                         you Boston detectives are starting 
                         to show signs of intelligence. So, I 
                         am going to make you privy to some 
                         information that you would not 
                         normally be. These men are all Russian 
                         mob. Not like those two peons in the 
                         alley the other day. These guys are 
                         all syndicate bosses and underbosses. 
                         I have a dossier on every man in 
                         this room. Since the Iron Curtain 
                         has gone down, the Russian syndicates 
                         have started to come here. And in 
                         the spirit of Glasnost the Soviets 
                         have opened their borders to the 
                         mafia. But the Italians, they're not 
                         convinced that the grounds in mother 
                         Russia are fertile enough for 
                         organized crime yet. So they ain't 
                         ready to commit. The Russians are 
                         coming here anyway. They are 
                         unwelcome. What we have here, 
                         gentlemen, is possibly the beginning 
                         of the first international mob war... 
                         unless I've totally missed something.

               All their faces read the gravity of the situation.SMECKERNow, what is this going to look like 
                         to those who do not know what I just 
                         told you?DUFFYIt's gonna look like the bad guys 
                         are killing each other.SMECKERAnd is there an American, shit is 
                         there a man seated among us that 
                         hasn't thought about it many times, 
                         let's just put them all on an island, 
                         give them guns and let them kill 
                         each other. This is our wet dream 
                         come true. You can expect federal 
                         and local law enforcement to go only 
                         deep enough to satisfy the law, then 
                         bury it from here on out.DOLLYSo, what do we do now?SMECKERThat depends. You either do your job 
                         or get ethical.INT. ROCCO'S APARTMENT  NIGHTRocco comes out of the bathroom. He storms out to his small, 
               round, living room table at which the boys are seated. He is 
               wearing a white, polyester shirt with gold trim that is a 
               uniform of some kind for perhaps a chain of restaurants. It 
               is unbuttoned all the way down and his white t-shirt is 
               hanging out. He is wearing a name tag that reads "Jaffar".

               He is upset. He slams down a chair across from the brothers 
               who are sitting there cleaning guns and silencers. All the 
               accouterments of death are sprawled before them. They are 
               smoking as they carefully disassemble their firearms.ROCCOThis better be good. 
                              (viciously ties his 
                              hair back)
                         Talk!

               The boys look at each other.FLASHBACK EXT.  SIDEWALK  DOWNTOWN BOSTON  NIGHTThe boys are walking across Copley Square. Connor looks at 
               the note he wrote at the police station. They stand on the 
               sidewalk and light smokes. They are in their regular garb; 
               thick naval P-coats, jeans and leather boots. They each carry 
               a mid-sized, black, duffle bag. They are serious and business-
               like. They scan the Plaza Hotel from across the street. The 
               elite exit and enter the hotel. Connor glances at his pocket 
               watch. It's 8:45.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  ELEVATOR  NIGHTThey enter. They look ahead, stone-faced, as the elevator 
               climbs.MURPHYNervous?CONNORA bit.MURPHYMe, too.

               The elevator stops at the lobby level. Nine, well-dressed 
               men enter. Their faces are not shown. The boys move to the 
               back wall.

               One guy says something quickly to another in Russian. The 
               other gives a one word Russian response. They boys look at 
               each other. As the elevator climbs, their eyes focus.

               The door opens. As the men exit the elevator, each face is 
               seen individually, all are victims from Smecker's crime scene.

               The elevator goes up half a floor. They hit the stop button 
               and rummage in their bags. They suit up; black gloves and 
               black masks. They strap on four 9mm. pistols with silencers, 
               in shoulder holsters, one under each arm. Connor takes a 
               large coil of black rope and drapes it around himself. He 
               looks at Murphy and at the rope in his bag. Murphy is too 
               excited to argue.MURPHYYou and your fucking rope.

               He puts it on. They drop to their knees, making the sign of 
               the cross. Then, up through the ceiling they go.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  ELEVATOR SHAFT  NIGHTThey stand on top of the elevator before a long air shaft.CONNOR(smiling)
                         See. I told you there'd be a shaft.MURPHY(smiling)
                         Just like on TV.

               They jump into the air shaft.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  AIR SHAFT  NIGHTThey start crawling with Connor in front and Murphy behind.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  SUITE  NIGHTThe plump boss is standing in the middle of the sunken living 
               room.

               His eight Russian comrades are around him seated on the U-
               shaped pit couch. They speak Russian, but no subtitles are 
               seen. The fat man yells. He's mad about something.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  AIR SHAFT  NIGHTConnor is taking lots of random turns, left and right. He is 
               starting to look a bit confused.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  SUITE  NIGHTThe fat man is really yelling at them now. He is screaming 
               and pointing at each man.

               They seem to be taking it seriously.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  AIR SHAFT  NIGHTTheir brows are drenched with sweat. Murphy crawls up next 
               to Connor. There is only enough room for the two to lie on 
               their sides facing each other.MURPHYWhere the fuck are you going?CONNORWe'll find it. Just calm down.MURPHYNo, fuck you. This rope is bullshit. 
                         I'm sweatin' my ass off draggin' 
                         this stupid thing around. Must weigh 
                         30 pounds.

               Murphy takes off the rope.CONNORWe're doing some serious shit here. 
                         Now, get a hold of yourself, asshole.MURPHYAsshole!? I'm not the rope-totin' 
                         Charlie Bronson wanna-be that's 
                         getting' us lost!CONNORSh, sh! Fuck you!

               Connor grabs Murphy's shirt.MURPHYNo, fuck you!

               The boys get into a close quarters battle. An occasional 
               insult is thrown as feet kick and fists fly. They begin to 
               get tangled in their own rope. The seam of the duct breaks 
               and a tangled mess of rope and MacManuses pour out.INT.  PLAZA HOTEL  SUITE  NIGHTThey crash through the ceiling right above the fat man's 
               head. The rope gets caught and slams the boys to a halt, 
               hanging them upside down, back to back about six feet above 
               the floor. They are turning in circles. The boss is balled 
               up in the fetal position on the floor. The shocked Russians 
               say only a word or two in panic before the MacManus brothers 
               react, reaching for their guns. The Russians start to reach 
               for their guns. It's too late. The boys draw and fire as 
               they spin. Taking four shots apiece.

               There are eight dead Russians. Chests explode as they fall 
               back on the couch in a loose circle. One victims is blasted 
               over the couch.

               They notice the fat man directly beneath them. Murphy grabs 
               his Rambo knife, reaches up and cuts the rope. They land in

               a heap, scramble over to the doomed man and place him on his 
               knees. They each put a gun to the back of his head and recite 
               this prayer in perfect unison.BOTHAnd shepherds we shall be. For thee, 
                         my Lord, for thee. Power hath 
                         descended forth from thy hand that 
                         our feet may swiftly carry out thy 
                         command. So we shall flow a river 
                         forth to thee and teeming with souls 
                         shall it ever be. E nomini patri, et 
                         Fili e spiritu sancti.

               With the silenced pop from their guns we cut the sound and 
               go to black and white. (Slo-mo) Choral music starts with 
               Latin script being read in the background. They take their 
               rosaries out. They slowly walk around, mumbling prayers as 
               they care for the dead. They gently turn over the bodies 
               that were on their stomachs. They brush the hair back from 
               the victims faces. They place pennies in the eyes of al the 
               corpses. When they finish their ritual, they pull off their 
               masks and look at each other. They start to grin and look 
               around. They work each other into a healthy chuckle.CONNOR(looks up)
                         That was some good fuckin' rope.

               They both laugh.MURPHYThat was way easier than I thought.CONNORAye.MURPHYOn TV ya always get that asshole 
                         that jumps behind the couch.CONNORYeah, and ya gotta shoot at him for 
                         ten minutes.MURPHYOh, we're good man.CONNORYes, we are.

               They are already striding for a suitcase full of money.

               Murphy picks up a wad of bills.MURPHYI love our new job.

               Just then, there's a knock at the door. They snap into action. 
               They stand at each side of the double doors, looking through 
               the peepholes. They see Rocco on the other side dressed as a 
               hotel employee. He wears a polyester shirt with gold trim 
               and a name tag that reads Jaffar. He has a good cart in front 
               of him.

               They look at each other and grin. Murphy nods. As they open 
               the door, Murphy grabs the food cart and pulls it in.

               Connor seizes the mortified Rocco and pulls him in, slamming 
               the door shut behind him. They run, dragging him and then 
               throw him in the midst of the bodies. They put their guns 
               right in his face.ROCCOOh, God! Don't kill me! We're on the 
                         same side! The boss musta sent you 
                         in as back up, huh? Oh, shit, please! 
                         I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man.
                              (almost crying)
                         They call me the funny fuckin' man!CONNOR(attempting to hide 
                              accent)
                         Where's your gun?ROCCOChest pocket. 
                              (they take it)
                         Shit!CONNORThis is a six-shooter.MURPHY(hiding accent)
                         Nine bodies.CONNOROh, you're good. What were you gonna 
                         do? Laugh the last three to death, 
                         funny man?ROCCOPoppa Joe said there was only two. 
                         In and out.
                              (trying to make friends)
                         Boy, you guys sure did a good job. 
                         You're good, huh? Cool masks. Where'd 
                         you get them?CONNORLet's do him right here.MURPHYRight now.ROCCO(screaming like a 
                              baby)
                         Don't kill me. Oh shit, please no. 
                         I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man!... the 
                         funny man... the funny.

               The boys put their faces close to his and demask. They start 
               laughing but Rocco just lays there, wide-eyed, in shock.

               They boys saunter to the bar. Rocco takes a long beat.ROCCOWhat did you do?! Fuckin'... what 
                         the fuckin' fuck! Who the fuck, fucked 
                         this fuckin'? fuck. How did you two 
                         fuckin', fucks?......... FUCK!!!CONNORCertainly illustrates the diversity 
                         of the word.

               The brothers laugh.ROCCOWhat the fuck are you doing here? 
                         What, huh!? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? ANSWERS!I WANT FUCKIN' ANSWERS!CONNOR(slaps his face)
                         Get a hold of yourself, man.

               Rocco is silent and surprised. Murphy, also surprised, looks 
               at Rocco. All is quiet.MURPHYYeah, get a hold of yourself.

               Murphy jokingly slaps Rocco a second time. Rocco instantly 
               jumps on Murphy, cursing and punching. The brothers burst 
               into laughter as they subdue Rocco. As he calms down, they 
               release him.CONNORListen, we gotta get outta here now. 
                         We'll take separate exits and meet 
                         at Rocco's.

               Murphy puts the two suitcases in his duffle bag and the two 
               brush by Rocco who is still unsatisfied with his explanation.ROCCOFuck!BACK TO PRESENT  INT.  ROCCO'S APARTMENT  NIGHTRocco has removed his hotel jacket.ROCCOAnybody you think is evil?CONNORYes.ROCCODon't you think that's a little 
                         psycho? A little weird?CONNORWeird, huh?... Know what I think is 
                         weird? Decent men with loving families 
                         go home every day after work. They 
                         turn on the news and see rapists, 
                         murderers, and child molesters all 
                         getting out of prison.MURPHYMafiosos getting caught with 20 kilos 
                         and walkin' on bail the same day.CONNORLittle girls catchin' stray bullets 
                         in their heads, playin' hopscotch in 
                         their front yards. And everyone thinks 
                         the same thing... Someone should 
                         just go kill those motherfuckers.MURPHYKill em all. Admit it, even you've 
                         thought about it.

               Rocco ponders this as the boys continue to clean their 
               weapons.ROCCOYou guys should be in every major 
                         city.

               The boys chuckle. Rocco steadily works himself into a humorous 
               frenzy.ROCCOThis is some heavy shit. This is 
                         like Lone Ranger-heavy man. Fuck it! 
                         There's so much shit that pisses me 
                         off. You guys should recruit 'cause 
                         I am sick and fuckin' tired of walkin' 
                         down the street waitin' for one of 
                         these assholes to get me, y'know?MURPHY(chuckling)
                         Hallelujah, Jaffar.ROCCOSo you're not just talkin' mob guys. 
                         You're talkin' anyone, right? Even 
                         like pimps and drug dealers and all 
                         that shit?

               The boys look at each other and nod.ROCCOWell fuck, you guys could do this 
                         every day.MURPHYWe're like 7-Eleven. We ain't always 
                         doing business, but we're always 
                         open.CONNORNicely put.INT.   ROCCO'S APARTMENT  NIGHT  ONE HOUR LATERThe three are partying hard. There's a pizza surrounded by 
               Guinness cans as they whoop it up, sitting at the round table.

               Rocco wears one of the masks. They're all drunk. The house 
               cat is lounging on the table comfortably.ROCCOYou fuckin' guys. You ruined me. I'm 
                         fuckin' done. Permanent package boy.MURPHYWho says that? You could take credit 
                         on it.ROCCOWhat are you serious?MURPHYYeah, fuck it. If you think about 
                         it, it's all you can do really. You 
                         can't tell him it was us. Go in 
                         braggin' and shit.CONNORClimb the corporate ladder, boy. Don 
                         Rocco.ROCCOFuck it! I'm doing it. I deserve it. 
                         I've been working for those fat 
                         bastards since I was in high school 
                         and look at this place.

               The boys nod in agreement.ROCCO(working into a frenzy)
                         They're fuckin' me man! Hey, they 
                         can suck my pathetic little dick. 
                         And I'll dip my nuts in marinara 
                         just so the fat fucks can get a taste 
                         of home while they're at it. That's 
                         it, it's done, I'm doing it.

               Rocco slams his fist down on the table next to Murphy's gun.

               The gun goes off with a bang! and blows the lounging cat 
               right off the table. A softball-sized hole is blasted in the 
               wall as a large splatter of blood sprays the area surrounding 
               the hole. Everyone is in shock for a second.MURPHYI can't fuckin' believe that just 
                         happened!INT.  ROCCO'S APARTMENT  NEXT MORNING  11:30 A.M.The three are passed out all over the apartment. Rocco 
               awakens. He stumbles past the wall with the large, round, 
               pink stain on it. There is a crooked picture hanging in the 
               middle of it.

               Rocco staggers to the kitchen and throws water in his face 
               over a sinkful of dirty dishes. Connor awakens, grabs his 
               jacket and follows Rocco out.EXT.  ROCCO'S FRONT STEPS  CONTINUOUSCONNOR(hung over)
                         Donna's gonna be angry about her 
                         cat.ROCCOShit. She's on every drug know to 
                         man. She'd have sold that thing for 
                         a dime bag. Screw her. 
                              (beat)
                         But I do kinda feel like an ass-hole.CONNOR(chuckles)
                         You sound real remorseful.

               Connor lights up two smokes and hands one to Rocco.ROCCOShe ain't been around in weeks anyhow.CONNOR(beat)
                         Listen. Something's been bothering 
                         me about last night.ROCCOWhat?CONNORWell... what if your boss knew how 
                         many guys were supposed to be there... 
                         in that room?ROCCOWhat are you saying?CONNORThink about it man. Nine men, six 
                         bullets.ROCCOYou think they sold me out? No way.CONNORHe probably knew you'd end up nailing 
                         the fat guy, maybe one or two more, 
                         but he had to know you weren't walking 
                         out of there. Figure it out. Shooter's 
                         dead on the scene. No in-depth 
                         investigation. It'd slide right off 
                         his back. 'Cause as much as I love 
                         ya, you're not exactly Don Corleone. 
                         What would he be losing? A thirty-
                         five year old delivery boy?ROCCONo, no. That's just not the way things 
                         are done. Besides, how's he know I 
                         don't just get in there see there's 
                         too many and just serve em their 
                         fuckin' food and beat it?CONNORHe knows you, man. He knows all you 
                         want is to move up. That's all. A 
                         smooth hitter woulda gone in there, 
                         seen it was a wash and slipped out. 
                         But a guy like you? Knowin' this is 
                         your only chance? Waitin' eighteen 
                         years?ROCCONo. No man. That's... that's... you 
                         don't know what you're talking about. 
                         That's bullshit. I know these guys. 
                         I mean, thanks for your concern, but 
                         that just ain't the thing of it.CONNORDo me a favor and roll it around for 
                         a bit on your way in.ROCCONo, look. No rolling. Nothing needs 
                         to be rolled.

               Murphy stumbles enters scene with Rocco and Connor.MURPHY(to Rocco)
                         Where are you goin'?
                              (to Connor)
                         Did you tell him?CONNORYes.MURPHY(to Rocco)
                         Then what the fuck?ROCCOHey. You don't know that shit for 
                         sure.MURPHYOh, Jesus. You're such a fuckin' 
                         retard!ROCCOFuck you!MURPHYUse your brain for once. Is it so 
                         unbelievable they don't care about 
                         you? You are fuckin' dead, you go in 
                         there today. Dead!ROCCOOh yeah. You two fuckin' Micks know 
                         what's going on, huh?
                              (flips them off)
                         Fuck you!CONNOR(trying to calm him)
                         Hey, this ain't a thing you should 
                         gamble on, Roc.

               A girl rides by on a bicycle, they pause as she rides between 
               them.MURPHYFuck it! What kind of flowers ya 
                         want at your funeral? Ya dumb Wop. 
                         This is the last time I'll see you. 
                         Bye-bye ya stupid son of a bitch.ROCCO(walking away)
                         I'll be back at 9:00.CONNORHey. You get in there and start 
                         getting a bad vibe, get the fuck out 
                         quick.INT.  ROCCO'S APARTMENT  LATE AFTERNOONConnor picks up the place as Murphy watches t.v. The phone 
               rings.MURPHYHello?ROCCO (V.O.)Hey Murph.MURPHYRoc. You okay?ROCCO (V.O.)Yeah. Anybody call for me?MURPHYNo. You sure you're okay?ROCCO (V.O.)I'm fuckin' fine.
                              (beat)
                         Catch you on the flip side.

               Rocco hangs up. Just then DONNA and her friend RAYVIE enter 
               the apartment. They are consummate junky sluts who are very 
               doped up and giddy.DONNA(trying hard)
                         Here kitty, kitty...... kitty.INT.  SIN BIN  SMALL ROOM  NIGHTSmecker ascends the three, small steps up to the round room.

               A NUDE DANCER sits there on the couch in a robe. She is crying 
               as she is being consoled by Detective Duffy. This small room 
               is where men watch girls through a large glass window.

               In this room a dancer performs on a floor a few feet above 
               the three private booths where each man watches from his own 
               booth. She appears as if on stage. All three windows are 
               shattered and there is blood on the wall of all three booths.

               We see assorted body parts in each booth, but no faces.DOLLY(approaches Smecker)
                         She was in here when it went down.SMECKERCan she I.D. them?DOLLYThey were wearing masks.SMECKEROf course they were. How many?DOLLYThree.

               Smecker looks at Dolly surprised.DOLLYOnly two did the shooting.
                              (beat)
                         So what are you thinking, Russian 
                         retaliation?SMECKERNah, too quick half their 
                         infrastructure got taken out at the 
                         Copley plaza. Besides, if you're a 
                         hitter, you're either working for 
                         the Russians or the Italians. There's 
                         no riding the fence. Our little theory 
                         from last night just got blown to 
                         shit. Something... new is going on 
                         here.

               Smecker sits next to the girl. He has Compassion. She Cries.SMECKERProbably shouldn't work another shift 
                         for awhile.DANCERFuck this job. I'm getting out of 
                         the porno business and I don't care 
                         who I gotta blow to do it.INT.  SIN BIN  SMALL ROOM  NIGHTThe bodies have been removed and chalk outlines replace them.

               The bullet holes in the walls have been marked either A or 
               B. The detectives watch Smecker. He is a mess. His clothes 
               are disheveled and his hair is frazzled.SMECKERAfter talking to the dancer we know 
                         that their mark was the guy in the 
                         middle booth. After she watches them 
                         whack him, she passes out.
                              (pause)
                         Why the two extra victims?GREENLYWitness?SMECKERNo way they could have seen it.

               Smecker hits an orange button on the wall and a black steel 
               door with a money slot comes slamming down in front of the 
               first booth. He does the same thing to the last booth, leaving 
               the middle one open. Both doors possess peep holes.SMECKER(sarcastic)
                         Allow me to enlighten you gentlemen 
                         to the protocol of the porno industry, 
                         as I'm sure you've never been in one 
                         of these places before. A man goes 
                         into the booth, puts the money in 
                         the slot. The dancer gets it on the 
                         other side. She hits the button, 
                         door goes up, now there is only glass 
                         between you and it's
                              (makes a masturbatory 
                              gesture with hand)
                         little fireman time.DUFFYNo way they could have seen it?SMECKERThose doors were down... which means 
                         this. They looked down in through 
                         the peep hole, saw these guys and 
                         opened the doors from the inside. 
                         Pop, pop, pop, right through the 
                         glass. Why?DOLLYMaybe the three of them had something 
                         in common.SMECKERNo. This guy is big time.
                              (points to middle 
                              booth)
                         These two are street-walking scum.GREENLY(kidding)
                         Then that's what they had in common. 
                         They were all bad guys... now they're 
                         all dead bad guys.

               Smecker seems side-tracked and ponderous at Greenly's 
               observation. He hits the orange buttons and raises the doors.SMECKERWe got another thing to think about 
                         here. We got us a genuine Kennedy 
                         assassination style bullet theory. 
                         Two guns were used here, guns A and 
                         B. The guy in the middle was done 
                         with both. But this guy...
                              (denotes right booth)
                         ...he was killed with bullets from 
                         gun A only. And this guy...
                              (denotes left booth)
                         ...gun B only. But ballistics dug 
                         two slugs out of the wall from over 
                         here where the victim was done withA.Smecker points to two bullet holes in the wall of the booth 
               on the left. Each is marked "B". He walks over to the right 
               booth where in the exact location are two identical holes 
               marked "A".SMECKERAnd it's the same story over here. 
                         Why the crossover?
                              (beat)
                         Theories.DOLLYThat's just fucking weird. I have no 
                         idea.DUFFYJesus. I just can't think anymore. 
                         That scene over at the coffee shop 
                         today tapped me out.SMECKERWhat?DUFFYA guy went nuts over off of 
                         Commonwealth today. Shot three guys 
                         to death in a coffee shop in broad 
                         daylight. Fled the scene. Don't have 
                         much on him.SMECKER(angry)
                         Why was I not informed of this?GREENLYThey weren't related. The guy used a 
                         38. No pennies. Totally amateur.SMECKERWho were the victims?GREENLYA couple of peons for the mob and...SMECKER(livid)
                         Oh that's just BEAUTIFUL! All the 
                         scumbags in the quiet city of Boston 
                         start dropping dead and you think 
                         it's unrelated?! Greenly, the day I 
                         want the Boston Police doing my 
                         thinking for me, I will have a fucking 
                         tag on my toe! Now, get me a squad 
                         car and get me over there. I want 
                         the crime scene photos and any witness 
                         statements. NOW!

               Smecker storms from the room. The detectives begin to follow.

               Smecker comes barreling back in, shoving them out of the 
               way. He looks at the bullet holes in the walls marked "A and 
               B" again. Something has clicked.SMECKER(wide-eyed)
                         Oh... it looks like we got us a 
                         cowboy.INT. LAKEVIEW LUNCH  NIGHTSmecker surveys photos and papers, as he smokes profusely.

               He stands next to a table in the back where chairs are knocked 
               over. Body chalk and blood stains are everywhere. The 
               detectives seem like they don't want to be there, again.SMECKERThe shooter knew these guys, huh?DOLLYHow do you figure?SMECKERFriends, Gentlemen. They were friends.

               Smecker flashes them a photo of a dead body. The victim is 
               shot in the head and face down in his plate of food. His 
               hands are on the table in front of him.SMECKERThese guys were packing. Not one 
                         hand near a gun. It's simple human 
                         behavior. Someone you don't know 
                         approaches you, you put your hand on 
                         it. This guy's got his hands on the 
                         table. He's eating his food, for 
                         Christ sakes. They were friends.

               Smecker looks over the bar.SMECKERThese two fucking scenes are related. 
                         Too many coincidences. Same day? 
                         Five hours apart? Dead mobsters on 
                         both scenes. Now, why did he kill 
                         the bartender?DUFFYCrime of passion. He just went nuts. 
                         He would have shot everyone in here. 
                         He just ran out of bullets.SMECKERDuffy. This look like a fucking post 
                         office to you? This guy came in here 
                         with intent. Maybe he didn't know 
                         exactly what he was gonna do but he 
                         had a pretty good idea. The bartender 
                         wasn't a fucking accident.DUFFYWell, we didn't get any help on that. 
                         A lot of people saw it. Nobody's 
                         talking.SMECKERFucking figures. Look, are you guys 
                         seeing the pattern here? We got big 
                         questions at both of these crime 
                         scenes, with no answers. WHY did 
                         they kill the guys in the other two 
                         booths? WHY did he do the bartender? 
                         It would seem unnecessary, even 
                         stupid.
                              (angry)
                         God, I hate cold crime scenes! I'm 
                         fucking leaving now. And do me a 
                         favor, tell me when the next guy 
                         dies, cause these guys are not done 
                         yet.

               He storms to the entry way.INT.  LAKEVIEW LUNCH  ENTRY WAY  NIGHTSmecker walks across the street, still angry, and goes to a 
               payphone. There's an extreme close-up on his hand as he puts 
               in a quarter. As the quarter jingles in...FLASHBACK  EXT.  STREET IN FRONT OF LAKEVIEW LUNCH  DAY...there is a close-up on a hand pulling back from the coin 
               slot. The hand moves up to pull a cigarette from its 
               possessor's mouth. It is Rocco. He dials the phone.MURPHY (V.O.)Hello?ROCCOHey, Murph.MURPHY (V.O.)Roc. You okay?ROCCOYeah. Anybody call for me?MURPHY (V.O.)No. You sure you're okay?ROCCOI'm fuckin' fine.
                              (beat)
                         Catch you on the flip side.

               He goes across the street and enters Salamone's.INT.  ROCCO'S APARTMENT  DAYDonna and Rayvie are laying on the couch. Connor is spit-
               shining his boots by the window. Murphy lights his cigarette 
               on the gas stove and pours some salt in a pot of water with 
               a handful of pennies boiling to a shine in it. Rocco bursts 
               through the door, hysterical. Tears are streaming down his 
               face.ROCCOPack your shit! We gotta get outta 
                         here! We gotta get out!CONNOR(hopping into his 
                              boots)
                         What happened?ROCCOI killed em! Oh, Jesus! I killed em 
                         all!!DONNARocco?MURPHYHey, hey. Just calm down. Tell us 
                         what happened!ROCCONo! Fuck you! You start getting 
                         excited! We gotta fucking go!DONNARocco!CONNOR(packing up gear)
                         Who did you kill?MURPHY(packing up gear)
                         Holy shit. Who? How many?ROCCO(rummaging through 
                              his drawers)
                         Hurry the fuck up!MURPHYThis is some crazy shit, man!ROCCOThose cocksuckers sold me out!CONNORDid I fuckin' tell ya, Rocco? They 
                         pull on you first?DONNAROCCO!ROCCOWhat did I fuckin' do?... in the 
                         middle of the Lakeview.CONNORLakeview the deli? Oh, shit!MURPHYHa! Ha! Roc, you got a jumbo set of 
                         coconut balls man!DONNA/RAYVIEROCCO!ROCCO(turns in rage)
                         What?DONNA(softly)
                         Where's my cat?ROCCO(slight pause)
                         I killed your fuckin' cat, you druggie 
                         bitch!DONNA(shocked, hurt)
                         You... oh god, why?ROCCOI felt it would bring closure to our 
                         relationship!DONNA(crying)
                         You killed my... my...

               She stops, unsure of the cat's name.ROCCO(screaming)
                         Your what?! Your fuckin' what?!DONNAMy, my...ROCCO(puts his gun to his 
                              own head)
                         Your what, bitch? I'll shoot myself 
                         in the head, you can tell me that 
                         cats name! Go ahead... Your what? 
                         Your precious little...
                              (waiting for her 
                              response)DONNA(flustered, crying)
                         Pee...Per...Man.ROCCOPeeperman? WRONG? What color was 
                         it?!!!DONNAIt was... It was...ROCCOMale or female, bitch?!!RAYVIEDon't you yell at her you fuckin' 
                         prick!ROCCOShut your fat ass, Rayvie! I can't 
                         buy a pack of smokes without running 
                         into nine guys you fucked.DONNADon't you yell at her!

               Rocco rummages through her purse and finds her car keys.ROCCOAll right, let's get the fuck outta 
                         here!

               They exit. Rayvie and Donna are hugging each other, crying.RAYVIEIs my... I mean it's not really...?DONNANo. No. It's not fat.INT.  CAR  EARLY EVENINGRocco is in the back. Connor is driving.ROCCOThose rat fucks! All of them were 
                         all laughing at me man!MURPHYYou sure you killed them?INT.  FLASHBACK  SALAMONE'S  DAYRocco is standing at the back table while his cohorts remain 
               seated. They are OLY, and VINNIE.ROCCO (V.O.)Fuckin-A-right I did. I had a goddam 
                         turkey shoot over there.VINNIEI'll bet it was a test. Vincenzo 
                         came in here shooting his mouth off. 
                         He was makin' sure we knew. But we 
                         did what we were supposed to, eh? We 
                         kept our mouths shut. You did your 
                         part. They know we're goodfellas 
                         now. We'll get taken care of.ROCCOWhat? Did everyone know? Next thing 
                         you'll tell me Sal was in on it.

               Rocco looks at Sal the bartender who reaches for the phone.OLYFuck. Vincenzo told Sal first. That 
                         fat fuck knew before we did.

               They all start laughing together.OLYAt least we got our funny man back.

               They all laugh as Rocco pulls his gun and shoots Oly in the 
               head. He lands face down in his plate of food. He shoots 
               Vinnie in the chest then turns on Sal. He yells "Funny, funny, 
               funny" as he pumps the remaining rounds into him.INT.  BACK TO PRESENT  DONNA'S CARCONNORAnybody see ya?ROCCOFuck, man! I may as well have posted 
                         flyers. Right out in public, man.MURPHYLiberating isn't it?ROCCO(smiles at last)
                         Y'know it is, a bit.

               The boys laugh.ROCCOStop the car!

               Connor pulls over directly in front of a pink neon sign that 
               says The Sin Bin.ROCCOVincenzo, that fat motherfucker, 
                         Yakavetta's right hand. He's the one 
                         who set me up. Then he went around 
                         shooting his mouth off, telling 
                         everyone I was as good as dead. He 
                         goes in there every Wednesday night 
                         around 10:00, he jerks off in the 
                         same booth to the same titty dancer. 
                         Never misses.MURPHYSo?ROCCOSo let's kill the motherfucker. I 
                         mean, what are you guys... like that's 
                         your new thing right?CONNOR(looks at Murphy)
                         Yeah, well...ROCCOOh, what the fuck? How do you guys 
                         decide who you're... I mean, who 
                         makes the cut? Is there a raffle or 
                         something?MURPHYWell, truth be known, those first 
                         ones just kinda fell into our laps.ROCCOWell, what'ya do?CONNORI guess we really don't have a system 
                         of deciding who.ROCCO(excited, yelling)
                         MEEE! ME! I'm the guy! I know 
                         everyone, their habits, where they 
                         hang out, who they talk to. I know 
                         where they fuckin' live. We could 
                         kill everyone!MURPHY(to Connor)
                         So what do you think?CONNORI'm strangely comfortable with it.EXT.  ALLEY BEHIND SIN BIN  NIGHTRocco, Connor and Murphy are looking very serious as they 
               smoke outside the rear door, in the alley. A drug dealer in 
               a hooded Boston Bruins jacket emerges from the opposing alley.

               He stops a 13 year-old kid. The kid is scared as the drug 
               dealer slaps him. The kid give him money and the drug dealer 
               stuffs a small baggie in the boy's shirt. He lets him go and 
               withdraws into the alley.

               As the boys and Rocco watch this from the opposing alley, 
               they begin to head for them, but Vincenzo's car pulls up 
               across the street. Rocco stops the boys and denotes Vincenzo.

               The boys head in the front door. Rocco moves back into the 
               alley.INT.  SIN BIN  NIGHTVincenzo enters and shuffles past the bar where the brothers 
               stand. He walks through a bead curtain at the back of the 
               busy porno house. The boys follow him.INT.  SIN BIN  HALLWAY  NIGHTThey go to the back, open the exit door and let Rocco in.

               The three wind down long dark hallways with Rocco leading 
               the way until they reach a green door. The boys stand, side 
               by side, directly in front of it. Rocco is just behind them.

               The three pull identical 9mm.'s and the boys pull on their 
               masks. Rocco puts on a mask that he made from a dock worker's 
               cotton hat. He looks ridiculous.MURPHYOkay Roc, this is...

               He turns and is instantly taken with laughter at Rocco's 
               appearance. Connor turns, and has the same reaction.ROCCOWhat? You guys got masks.

               They are now pointing and laughing.MURPHY(through laughter)
                         You look like Mush Mouth from Fat 
                         Albert.ROCCO(takes off mask)
                         Fine! Fuck it! When we're done she 
                         can I.D. me. I don't care. Just tryin' 
                         to be professional, but no...CONNOR(still laughing)
                         No. No. It looks good. C'mon, put it 
                         back on. It's good.

               He begrudgingly puts it back on. They reassume their position.CONNOR(imitating mush mouth)
                         Okay Roc. You sure you're O-B-kay-B?INT.  SIN BIN  SMALL ROOM  NIGHTThey burst into the room, climb up a few steps and are in a 
               small round room with a couch in it. A topless dancer sits, 
               smoking and drinking coffee, on the couch in front of three 
               big black steel doors with money slots in them. Rocco seizes 
               her, puts a hand over her mouth and a gun to her head.ROCCOWhich one is he in?

               She points to the middle door.ROCCO(takes his hand off 
                              her mouth)
                         What's his routine?DANCERH... h... he jerks off in there. 
                         Th... then he puts money through the 
                         slot and I raise the door.MURPHYHow?

               She points to an orange button. Each door has a button to 
               the left of it.ROCCOThen what?DANCERHe watches me do my thing and f-
                         finishes himself off.INT.  SIN BIN  CENTER BOOTH  NIGHTWe see the fuzzy reflection of a cheap porno movie being 
               reflected in Vincenzo's Elvis style sunglasses. He is shaking 
               as he masturbates.VINCENZO(grunting, muttering)
                         Don't you talk to me like that, you 
                         dirty little... give it to daddy... 
                         give it ta da King... garbage mouth, 
                         garbage mouth.INT.  SIN BIN  SMALL ROOM  NIGHTRocco is looking through the peep hole down on Vincenzo. He 
               still holds the terrified, crying dancer.ROCCOOh man. He is some sicko.

               They back up and focus on the money slot. A hundred dollar 
               bill comes through. Connor gives it to the dancer.CONNORYou've earned this.

               The boys begin to recite their prayer. Rocco is smiling and 
               excited, he still hangs on to the now hyperventilating dancer.

               They press the button. The door goes straight up. Vincenzo 
               has one moment of shock before the MacManuses decimate him 
               through the glass with silenced bullets. The glass silently 
               spiders and begins to fall in spots. His chest explodes, 
               sputtering medallions and bits of gold chain inside the booth.

               The dancer faints and Rocco lays her down gently.

               The boys step down in the boot and begin their ritual.

               Rocco watches intently, intrigued. They finish and turn around 
               to see Rocco is immersed in grabbing one of the unconscious 
               dancer's breasts. They pull up their masks.CONNORWhat the fuck are you doing?ROCCOI-I'll tip her.MURPHYWe've teamed up with a sex offender.CONNORSo, when are you getting a plastic 
                         fuck doll?ROCCOAll right. I'm sorry. I'm pathetic.

               He gets up and starts tossing money on her as the boys giggle.

               Just then two more bills come through the slots of the other 
               two doors, which have remained closed. Murphy looks through 
               left peep hole, Connor the right. Smiles spread across their 
               faces and they look at each other. They switch and each looks 
               through the other guy's peep hole.ROCCOWhat? What is it?CONNORThis place is like a scumbag yard 
                         sale.MURPHYWe gotta come down here once a week 
                         and clean house.

               Rocco looks in one. He says "Oh, wow" as he crosses and checks 
               out the other one.ROCCOYou sure about this guy?

               The boys look at each other affirmatively.ROCCOOh man. You gotta let me do these 
                         guys. I'm such a moron. I gotta make 
                         up for the tit thing.CONNORNo way. I've been waitin' for this 
                         asshole.ROCCOAw, c'mon. I gotta clear my family 
                         name here. I've brought shame to the 
                         house of Della Rocco.MURPHYGive the guy a shot.CONNOR(thinks it over)
                         Rocco, this is the real deal. We 
                         must kill without hesitation, without 
                         guilt or remorse. Evil man, dead 
                         man.

               Rocco gets serious and nods his head. Connor replaces the 
               clip in his gun and hands it to Rocco. Murphy does the same.

               He stands with one in each hand, aiming one gun at each door.

               The boys both place a finger on the appropriate orange 
               buttons, as Rocco slowly cocks his head back. With wide eyes 
               he thrusts his head forward. The doors fly up. Rocco fires 
               both guns yelling "Yeah, take it, take it!" Both the drug 
               dealer from outside and the pimp from the emergency room are 
               destroyed. Rocco then crosses his arms and fires two more 
               shots from each gun. On the opposing walls of each booth two 
               identical bullet holes appear.ROCCOWyatt-fuckin'-Earp, man!INT.  SIN BIN  JUST OUTSIDE THE PRIVATE BOOTH  MINUTES LATERRocco shuts the door.ROCCOYou guys gotta teach me that prayer, 
                         man. That's some good shit.CONNORForget it. It's a family prayer. My 
                         father, his father before him that 
                         sort of shit.ROCCOC'mon!INT.  RITZY RESTAURANT BATHROOM  NIGHTAn old man appears to look at himself in the mirror of an 
               empty but very upper class bathroom. His eyes are very glazed 
               over. He puts a large leather case on the counter near the 
               sinks. A red and white blind stick hangs off his right 
               forearm.

               Yakavetta enters, crosses behind him and stands next to him.

               AUGUSTUS (72 years) sniffs the air. A look of angry 
               realization overtakes his face.AUGUSTUSFuck you.YAKAVETTAHey, Augustus, I need your help, I 
                         got a serious problem here. I'm not 
                         screwing around.AUGUSTUSI bounced you on my knee at family 
                         reunions, for Christ sakes. Your dad 
                         and me ran the whole east coast 
                         syndicate you snot-nosed little prick. 
                         And when you took the wheel, who was 
                         beside you?

               Augustus begins to remove items from his suitcase. First a 
               plate. He sets it down next to the sink. Then assorted 
               colognes, cigarettes and chewing gum. He begins arranging 
               them in neat rows, always feeling with his guiding hands.YAKAVETTAHey, I just...AUGUSTUSDon't start with your shit. Don't 
                         you talk to me. Oh, hey Uncle Gussy, 
                         thanks for years of service. Here's 
                         a gold watch and a job sniffing other 
                         guys' shit eight hours a day. What 
                         am I, a retired bus driver?YAKAVETTAI need Il Duce.AUGUSTUSThe Duke? 
                              (beat)
                         What did you do?YAKAVETTAThis kid, this package boy could 
                         bring down the whole east coast. If 
                         he decides to turn states he could 
                         dismantle us... totally. But it looks 
                         like for now, he's content with just 
                         killing us one by one. And even worse 
                         the kid is good at it. I mean I had 
                         a prodigy on my hands the whole time 
                         and didn't even know it.

               Yakavetta puts an envelope of money in the plate.AUGUSTUSListen kid, I think you better 
                         understand who you're dealing with 
                         here.YAKAVETTAYeah. I was only twelve or thirteen 
                         when you guys used to talk about 
                         him, like he was a ghost or something.AUGUSTUSYour dad and I used him three times 
                         over twenty years, only when 
                         everything went totally fucked. 
                         Believe me kid, you don't want this 
                         guy unless you are 100% sure you 
                         need him. He is... a fuckin' monster.INT.  PRISON PROCESSING ROOM  DAYThis is a gigantic three tiered room with guards on all tiers.

               They all cock their shotguns.

               A PRISONER is shackled barefoot to a small metal cart on 
               wheels. His hands are cuffed before him with a chain linking 
               his hands and feet. A guard is pulling the cart through the 
               prison to the parole board room by a long chain. The cons 
               have their mirrors out to get a better look. His face is in 
               shadow as he bows his head.

               A metal cage is lowered around him from the ceiling. The 
               parole board looks him over. A stenographer sits poisedMR. COBB(English accent)
                         Do you feel you have been 
                         rehabilitated?

               No response is given by the prisoner. The stenographer looks 
               at MR. COBB who gives her the nod. She begins typing though 
               no words are spoken.INT.  RITZY RESTAURANT BATHROOM  DAYAUGUSTUSI've had this guy in front of me, 
                         and I couldn't tell you what he looks 
                         like, sounds like. He is the Picasso 
                         of assassins, kid. He plants hair 
                         samples, blood. Puts skin under 
                         fingernails. He is a fucking genius. 
                         Only one problem. He's been rotting 
                         in prison for twenty-five or thirty 
                         years. Don't even know if he's still 
                         alive. Or if he's even up to it.

               Augustus hands him a piece of paper he scribbled on.YAKAVETTAThere's ways around that.AUGUSTUSGo find one.INT.  PAROLE PROCESSING ROOM  DAYA large piece of paper is placed on the table and stamped 
               with the words parole granted across it.INT.  HOTEL ROOM  BOSTON  DAYThe prisoner, Il Duce enters. He is clad in a long dark trench 
               coat with the collar pulled up, dark round glasses and a 
               dark hat. He puts a suitcase on the bed.

               He walks over to the window. He slowly puts his hand outside 
               and watches the sun bounce off it. Tears begin to flow from 
               beneath his glasses as he breaks down. He begins to take off 
               his clothes as he weeps, casting them aside.EXT.  HOTEL ROOM FIRE ESCAPE  BACK ALLEY  DUSKThe Duke is fully naked, except for a hotel blanket which is 
               wrapped around his waist, sitting on the fire escape. He 
               smiles and is still misty-eyed as he beholds the sun setting.

               Scattered around him are all the furnishings of freedom; 
               Snickers bars, all kinds of empty candy wrappers, Coke cans, 
               and many assorted magazines.INT.  COFFEE HOUSE  NIGHT  2:00 A.M.Rocco and the brothers sit in an old Boston coffee house.ROCCOLet's talk some business here. I 
                         know a sick fuck... makes the ones 
                         we been doing look like altar boys. 
                         Worst night of my life when I met 
                         this guy.FLASHBACK  EXT.  SUBURBAN BEAVER CLEAVER-TYPE HOUSE  DUSKRocco waits in a late model Chevelle in front of a white 
               house. A man exits the house and walks across the sprawling 
               front lawn. Rocco leans over and says How ya doin', man?

               The man doesn't respond and sits in the passenger seat.

               During the following scenes we FLASHCUT between bits of 
               Rocco's experience that night to the coffee house and catch 
               bits of dialogue as he explains.ROCCOThe guy never says a fuckin' word to 
                         me. We're driving for 25 minutes. 
                         Never a sigh, no throat clearing, 
                         nothing. And his face, blank man. 
                         Just nothing there.EXT.  DECREPIT HOUSE  NIGHT  CONTINUEDFLASHCUT: They pull up to a house in a scummy, Boston Logan 
               Airport neighborhood. Rocco gets out and sits on the hood 
               smoking as the man makes his way up the walk.INT.  DECREPIT HOUSE  CONTINUEDTwo tough looking wiseguys walk across a hallway cocking 
               shotguns. They disappear into a room.

               FLASHCUT : He quietly enters the house and pulls a large 
               bright-blue plastic tarp from his coat and spreads it across 
               the floor in the hallway. We hear the sound of Sega video 
               games being played. He pulls out two pistols with silencers 
               and walk.

               He disappears into the living room. Two white flashes and 
               the sounds of silencers. A hookerish looking mom enters frame 
               in the B.G. in the kitchen. She is talking on the phone. She 
               disappears from view. The man reappears and walks to the 
               kitchen. A white flash and the sounds of silencer.

               He walks right down the hall and halts right in front of us 
               and listens. He goes into the room the wiseguys had entered.

               We hear a second of male voices in protest. Two flashes of 
               light and the sounds of silencers. A dog is heard barking.

               The man reappears in the hall and walks to its end, through 
               the kitchen. He opens a pair of sliding doors and steps out 
               of our view. A flash of white light and the sound of a 
               silencer.EXT.  DECREPIT HOUSE  NIGHT  CONTINUEDRocco is out front listening as the barks abruptly cease.INT.  DECREPIT HOUSE  NIGHT  CONTINUEDFLASHCUT : The man drags a dead dog across the kitchen floor, 
               leaving a streak of blood. FLASHCUT : He drags the bodies of 
               two kids, two men and the woman down the hall toward us 
               leaving the hall carpet streaked with blood.ROCCOI didn't see what he was doing while 
                         he was in there.

               FLASHCUT : The man pulls out a large hunting knife and 
               disappears into each room. The sounds of hacking are heard.

               He reappears holding different pieces of bloody debris. A 
               telephone, a piece of carpet, pieces of drywall. He takes a 
               mop and cleans off the blood on the linoleum of the kitchen 
               floor.

               He walks toward us and stabs the mop in right before camera.

               It stays standing.

               FLASHCUT : We see from his p.o.v. a pile of broken bodies, 
               bloody debris and a dead dog with a mop sticking out the 
               top.EXT.  DECREPIT HOUSE  NIGHT  CONTINUEDFLASHCUT : The man steps outside and motions Rocco in.FLASHBACK  EXT.  BACK FACTORY LOT  NIGHTRocco's face is now expressionless as the two load the last 
               body in the furnace and toss the dog in, unloading from 
               Rocco's trunk. They shut the furnace door and there is just 
               the low hum of a furnace and the light wind blowing.THE MANI have a poker game at the house 
                         every Saturday with a couple of guys 
                         you know. Why don't you come down? 
                         Wife makes a hell of a bar-g-que.ROCCO(pause)
                         Yeah... yeah, I'd like that. Tell me 
                         something. What did they do?THE MANI don't know.BACK TO PRESENT  INT.  COFFEE HOUSE  NIGHTRocco is looking down in silence.ROCCOWorst day of my life, man.MURPHY(pause)
                         Well, I'm sold.CONNORDon't worry, Roc. We'll do this guy 
                         right and you'll feel a lot better.INT.  ROCCO'S MOM'S KITCHEN  NEXT DAY  1:00 P.M.The three burst in, all yelling at each other. They are all 
               bleeding profusely from gun shot wounds. Connor turns on the 
               gas stove and slams a new clothing iron down on the burner. 
               He has wrapped the cord around the handle so it won't burn. 
               They have all ripped their clothes haphazardly and have made 
               tourniquets to nurse their wounds.CONNORWho the fuck was he, Rocco? I know 
                         you fuckin' know!ROCCOFuck you! I told you I never saw him 
                         before!MURPHYWell he sure as fuck knew you!ROCCOFuck you both! Ya ask me, he was 
                         aiming at you!

               The scene fades into total silence as they viciously argue.

               They then take turns hold each other down as they cauterize 
               their wounds with the hot iron. Two guys will hold a third 
               down and force a wadded up pillow case in his mouth, as they 
               burn himEXT.  BOSTON SUBURBAN BEAVER-CLEAVER TYPE HOUSE  SAME DAY5:00 P.M.Smecker sits on the balls of his fee on a sprawling front 
               lawn. He looks out to the street and sees a forensics 
               technician kneeling before a new, gray Ford Taurus riddled 
               with bullet holes. The man marks a sea of different-sized 
               bullet casings that stretch for thirty-five feet down the 
               sidewalk. He circles two blood stains on the side walk with 
               orange chalk.

               Smecker turns and looks at the front of the house. It is 
               peppered with bullet holes, all seemingly concentrated on 
               the front stoop area. Men try to lift blood samples off the 
               white paint around the door. He stands and Dolly, Duffy and 
               Greenly are ready with pens and notebooks behind him.SMECKEROkay. Here's what happened.FLASHBACK  INT.  PARKED FAMILY VAN  SAME DAY  NOONConnor, Murphy and Rocco sit in a parked van, down the street 
               from the Beaver Cleaver house. The three are sitting next to 
               each other in the longer back seat. They have a counter in 
               front of them with all their guns and accessories on it.

               The clicking of bullets into clips, and smacking of clips 
               into guns are heard. Smecker sits in the captain's chair 
               directly across from them, calmly smoking a cigarette. They 
               finish their preparation. Rocco holds up his guns.SMECKERThey waited in a parked car down the 
                         street for the kid to leave.

               Murphy spies a young boy peddling his bike out of the 
               driveway. He goes to the front of the van.MURPHYThere he goes.
                              (turns back to them, 
                              pulls his guns)
                         Okay, gentlemen. Are we ready to 
                         bring this man into the light? Are 
                         we ready to truly do the work of the 
                         Lord?CONNOR(cocks his pistol)
                         A-fuckin'-men!ROCCOThis is so fuckin' cool!EXT.  SUBURBAN BEAVER CLEAVER TYPE HOUSE  DAYConnor, Murphy, and Rocco make a frenzied exit from the van 
               and walk across the front lawn, each carrying a black duffle 
               bag and clutching a mask. The garage is opened a crack.

               They pull it up all the way. The sun shines in on Smecker 
               who stands there smoking.INT.  SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE  GARAGE  DAYThey enter and close the door behind themSMECKERThey went in through the garage. The 
                         kid says he leaves it open when he 
                         takes his bike out.

               They dive into their bags and suit up with leather gloves, 
               masks, navy P-coats and their guns.INT.  SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE  DAYThe three open the door and enter the house and walk 
               deliberately down the hallway.SMECKER (V.O.)Now, they know the wife is the gate 
                         keeper. She knows the code.EXT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE  BACKYARD  DAYThey walk with the terrified woman around the pool to a steel 
               door pool house entrance. There is a number pad next to the 
               door. Rocco positions her in front of it.ROCCODon't fuck with me lady. I'll kill 
                         you.

               She slowly punches in the numbers. Smecker is standing there 
               smoking.SMECKERThe wife says she doesn't know what 
                         happened after she hit the code. She 
                         just remembers going down. But, 
                         judging by the burn mark on her back, 
                         I think what they did...

               Rocco pulls a stun gun and zaps her with it. She goes down.SMECKER...was use a stun gun on her.

               Connor reaches for the knob but Rocco stops him. They wait, 
               guns drawn and focus on the door knob.SMECKERNow the guy knows a friend is coming 
                         to the game. And they know that this 
                         door can only be opened from the 
                         inside. So they wait... and when 
                         that door opens, man...

               The knob turns and they kick it in.INT.  POOLHOUSE - DAYThey burst in and line up shoulder to shoulder, guns aimed.

               Smecker stands beside Rocco with his thumb and forefinger 
               extended to mimic guns. Five mafiosos sit around a poker 
               table in front of time. Two men are playing pool to their 
               left. Rocco quickly scans the room.ROCCOAll of them.

               They begin firing. Men are dying, their chests exploding.

               Smecker moves his hands like firing guns and yells over the 
               noise.SMECKERNobody was ready for it. Devastation, 
                         panic! This was like shooting fish 
                         in a fuckin' barrel!

               Smecker points to the pool table as the two players dive 
               under it.SMECKERNow these guys dove under the table. 
                         The trajectory on the bullets show 
                         they came from straight across. So 
                         this means one of our shooters... 
                         dropped to his knees...

               Smecker drops to his knees in perfect synchronicity with 
               Rocco. They are side by side and leaning back.

               Rocco fires and the men under the table skip around as they 
               are riddled with bullets. Smecker's mimicking hands follow 
               him perfectly with each shot. The boys and Rocco demask.

               Rocco goes around to all the bodies and looks earnestly at 
               each one, as Connor and Murphy pick up bullet casings.ROCCOShit!... Shit! He ain't here.MURPHYWhat the fuck do you mean?ROCCOI mean he ain't here.CONNORLook again for fuck sake!ROCCOI know what the fuck he looks like!SMECKERSomething went wrong. Right here.INT.  POOLHOUSE  BATHROOM  DAYThe man they came for gets off the toilet and pulls up his 
               pants. He is expressionless. He pulls a towel rack from the 
               wall.INT.  POOLHOUSE  DAYThe door behind Rocco begins to open outward. As the door 
               swings open, Rocco tries to angle a gun around to shoot the 
               man who is opening it. But as soon as the man sees his hand, 
               bam! he comes down on it with the towel rack. Rocco pulls 
               back in pain dropping his other gun but the gun fires, as 
               the man's blow connects. The shot pierces his stomach and 
               sends him against the wall. He holds his abdomen in pain.

               There is a moment of recognition between the man and Rocco.

               Rocco is terrified as the man dives on him and they begin 
               fighting. Murphy jumps to help, but Connor pulls him back.

               They both stand in front of the pool table about thirty feet 
               from Rocco.CONNORLet the boy go!

               He is now being choked, as he glares at them in disbelief.MURPHYC'mon Roc!SMECKERNow, one of these guys is a real 
                         sicko. He knew this man. He wanted 
                         him to suffer, to feel every second 
                         of a painful death.

               As Rocco is wrestling and punching on the floor. He looks 
               up.ROCCOHelp me you assholes! 
                              (they continue to 
                              cheer)
                         He's gonna fuckin' kill me!
                              (he fights harder)SMECKERThis guy is one bad motherfucker.ROCCOI don't wanna die!!!!!

               Murphy is aching to help but Connor is more steady. A man 
               who has been shot starts to regain consciousness. Connor 
               turns his back to shoot him (slo-mo). Murphy sees his 
               opportunity, pulls the cue ball from the table, and rolls it 
               silently across the carpet toward Rocco.

               Connor fires with his left hand and as the casing ejects 
               from the gun he catches it in mid air and makes the sign of 
               the cross. Rocco is on his back, the man is straddling him.

               They both have each others throats and are trying to strangle 
               one another. When the ball is within arms reach, Rocco slams 
               his hand down on it and knocks his assailant in the skull.

               He straddles him and begins to mercilessly beat his face in 
               with the cue ball, yelling "You sick fuck!"

               He finally stops, gets up, runs toward the boys, and throws 
               an exhausted punch at Connor who just lays Roc down on the 
               pool table and says, "Nicely done, boy". Murphy tends to 
               Roc. Connor checks out the man and seems surprised.

               Murphy takes the bloody cue ball from Rocco's hand and 
               polishes it off on his jacket, making sure Connor cannot 
               see. He replaces it perfectly on the table. Smecker now stands 
               in front of the table with the cue shining in the background.SMECKERI've never seen wounds like these 
                         before, but whatever he used on this 
                         guy, it was a blunt object and they 
                         took it with them.

               Smecker exits to the left as Greenly enters from the right, 
               following Smecker out. He walks by the table furiously 
               scribbling in his notebook. Connor, Murphy and Rocco exit 
               the room, pennies in the eyes of all the corpses in the 
               background. Rocco holds two duffle bags full of poker money.

               Greenly stops, picks up the cue ball and looks at the dead 
               man. He shakes his head and says, "Nah".EXT.  SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE  FRONT LAWN  DAYSmecker stands in the middle of the front lawn. His hair is 
               a mess. He's chain-smoking. His clothes are disheveled.

               His eyes are psychotic. He points to the parked Taurus as 
               six men in dark suits appear in a fuzzy, out-of-focus shot.

               They line up shoulder to shoulder on the sidewalk.SMECKERThey exited out the front door. And 
                         they had no fucking idea what they 
                         were in for.EXT.  SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE  FRONT LAWN  DAYRocco, Connor and Murphy walk toward the front door.EXT.  SUBURBANK "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE  SIDEWALK  DAY(Slo-mo) Two black leather boots slowly walk up the sidewalk 
               and stop in front of the new, gray Ford Taurus then turn 
               toward the house. Il Duce removes a white balloon filled 
               with a few ounces of fluid from the pocket of his black trench 
               coat. He throws it on the walk, the blood splatters. He picks 
               up the remnants of the balloon and puts them back in his 
               pocket and stands there waiting, looking at the house.EXT.  SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE  FRONT STOOP  DAYThe boys come out, Rocco in the middle and slightly ahead of 
               them. They look out to the walk, stunned.SMECKERNow they are staring at six guys 
                         with guns drawn. It was a fucking 
                         ambush.

               Our three heroes stand, their jaws dropping as their point 
               of view reveals the Il Duce, standing alone, his hands folded 
               in front of him.

               Suddenly, he throws open his trench coat to reveal a special 
               leather vest beneath. Six guns, all different, are holstered 
               on the front of it: three on each side extend from just below 
               his collar bones to his abdomen. Connor and Murphy don't 
               hesitate. They each draw one of their now unsilenced guns 
               from their shoulder holsters and aim, one arm over each of 
               Rocco's shoulders. The Duke draws his top two weapons and 
               aims.SMECKERAnd this was a fucking bomb dropping 
                         in Beaver Cleaverville! For a few 
                         seconds this place was Armageddon! 
                         There was a fire fight!

               They all start shooting at once. The noise is deafening.

               The Taurus is being pierced and the front of the house is 
               splintering as it is riddled with bullets. Smecker is still 
               in the middle, hands raised to the heavens, turning circles.

               Rocco's pinky finger gets shot off, sending blood splattering 
               against the house. He dives in the bushes reeling. He pulls 
               a gun and starts firing.

               Murphy catches a bullet in the arm and dives for the bushes 
               as well. Il Duce with lightening speed, drops the guns and 
               pulls the next two down as he walks to his right about ten 
               feet. He commences firing and the casings hit the sidewalk, 
               all different calibers and sizes are dropping down the walk.

               It's him and Connor and nobody is backing down. They both 
               grind their teeth as they fire rapidly at each other. At the 
               same moment, The Duke gets hit in the arm and Connor takes a 
               bullet in the leg. The firing ceases for a moment.

               Connor remains steady and Il Duce looks down at his arm and 
               his own blood splattered on the sidewalk.IL DUCENo!... No! No!...

               He drops the guns and pulls the last two as he moves to the 
               right. He fires with wrath as he screams the word No over 
               and over. Rocco and Murphy return fire from the bushes yelling 
               and swearing, as Connor does the same from his position on 
               the stoop.

               The Duke turns and runs, leaving a sea of casings, and guns 
               that extend for 35 feet down the walk. There are also two 
               blood stains.

               In a frenzy the boys and Rocco get up and withdraw some spray 
               bottles from their bags. The begin spraying all their own 
               blood stains on the stoop and the front of the white house.

               They then pick up their things and run off.EXT. SUBURBAN "BEAVER CLEAVER" TYPE HOUSE  FRONT LAWN  DAYSmecker comes back to reality and lights a cigarette in front 
               of Dolly, Duffy, and Greenly.GREENLYWhat if it was just one guy with six 
                         guns?SMECKERWhy don't you let me do the thinking, 
                         huh, genius?

               He turns to the forensics guys at the front of the house and 
               begins to walk over to him.SMECKERWhat is taking so long with those 
                         blood samples?FORENSICS WOMAN #1I can't get a good sample. There is 
                         variable here I'm not seeing.

               Smecker puts his finger through a big blood stain on the 
               door and smells it.SMECKER(in shock, and rage)
                         They used ammonia... none of this 
                         shit is any good... Fuck... You know 
                         what this means?! Even if we get 
                         suspects in this case, we got 
                         nothing... Nothing!

               He starts kicking the bushes and trying to tear them with 
               his hands as he rages. The police and forensics all back 
               off.SMECKER(screaming)
                         Who the fuck are they?! I've never 
                         seen any-fucking-thing like this in 
                         my whole fucking life. Who the fuck 
                         are they?!!

               He backs against the building and slides down to a sitting 
               position in the bushes as if he has given up. He raises his 
               head and there he sees Rocco's pinky finger lying undiscovered 
               in the bushes. He pulls a small plastic bag from his pocket 
               and scoops it up. He shoves it back into his pocket and races 
               off.DUFFYWhat? That's it?!INT.  ROCCO'S MOM'S KITCHEN  NIGHTRocco, Connor, and Murphy are sitting around the table.

               They are numb with pain and silently sipping beers. Suddenly, 
               Smecker comes on the news making an announcement that he is 
               heading up the investigation to find the three of them.

               Rocco shuts it off.CONNORShit.ROCCOWhat?
                              (points to TV)
                         What, that guy?MURPHYThat's the guy that got us off the 
                         hook with the "Checkov" thing.CONNORAnd he is one smart man.ROCCOThey got nothing.CONNORThis guy is very sharp. If he hasn't 
                         figured us out yet, he will.MURPHYYou bet your ass he will.ROCCOWell, I'd say that makes him a lia-
                         fuckin-bility.

               The boys look at each other.CONNORHe isn't to be touched.MURPHYHe's a good man.ROCCOOkay... whatever.
                              (looking at the bloody 
                              mess)
                         My Mom's gonna kill me.INT.  SMECKER'S BEDROOM  NIGHTSmecker is sitting at a computer terminal. He has just hooked 
               into the F.B.I.'s computer network with his authorization 
               code. He is disgusted as he puts on surgical gloves and finger 
               prints the severed finger onto a scanner. He waits for a 
               moment. Rocco's face and rap sheet come up on his screen. He 
               is in disbelief.SMECKERNo. This is all wrong. David Della 
                         Rocco?FLASHBACK  EXT.  POLICE STATION FRONT STEPSRocco on the steps of the police station when Rocco brought 
               the boys their clothes.BACK TO PRESENT  INT.  SMECKER'S BEDROOM  NIGHTHe picks up the phone.MARIA (V.O.)Boston Police Department.SMECKERYeah. Maria, this is Smecker. Could 
                         you find me the visitor's list for 
                         the day the MacManus brothers were 
                         in and read me all the names?

               She reads a few names then hits David Della Rocco.SMECKEROkay, thank you.

               He hangs us, puts in a smoke, and knocks his head back in 
               deep thought.INT.  GAY BAR  NIGHTSmecker is drinking like a fiend. He is disturbed and rowdy.

               He's a bad drunk. He downs a shot and motions for another 
               one. The BARTENDER comes over.BARTENDERYou've had quite a bit, Paul. Are 
                         you sure you...SMECKERPour the drink, faggot-ass!

               He obeys. A good looking gay man comes up and whispers in 
               Smecker's ear and points to the back room.SMECKEROkay... But I don't cuddle.

               They proceed to the back. Smecker is stumbling.EXT.  STREET IN FRONT OF CHURCH  EARLY MORNINGRocco pulls Vincenzo's car to the curb and the MacManus' 
               exit.ROCCOHey! We gotta talk about this early 
                         morning church shit.MURPHYWe have to go now.
                              (giggles)
                         We're on the lamb.EXT.  STREET IN FRONT OF THE GAY BAR  EARLY MORNINGSmecker staggers out of the bar. He is an absolute wreck.

               Rocco exits a package store just down the street. He is 
               opening a new pack of cigarettes. He is surprised when he 
               sees Smecker at the other end of the block. He follows the 
               stumbling agent, fumbling for his gun.EXT.  STREET IN FRONT OF CHURCH  EARLY MORNINGPaul sees a church and reflects for a moment before crossing 
               the street and going in, Rocco a safe distance behind.INT.  CHURCH  EARLY MORNINGConnor and Murphy are at prayer in the back of the church.

               It is mostly empty because of the early hour.

               Connor looks up and sees Smecker and Rocco way up in the 
               front. His eyes are ablaze. He is up and walking and does 
               not bother Murphy, who remains penitent. There are two 
               confessional booths with a priest booth in the middle.

               Smecker goes in the booth on the far left. Rocco tries the 
               door, it's locked. A middle-aged PRIEST slips a key in the 
               priests booth and opens the door. Rocco shoves him in and 
               goes in behind him. Connor has quickened his pace. He tries 
               both doors. They're locked. He goes into the confessional on 
               the right.INT.  CHURCH  PRIEST'S BOOTH  EARLY MORNINGRocco puts his gun to the priest's head.ROCCOYou gonna do what I say, got it?PRIESTYes.ROCCOI'm sorry you're gonna hafta see 
                         this. Don't look at me!PRIESTI'm sorry, I'm sorry. I didn't see.ROCCOShut up! Shut the fuck up!INT.  CHURCH  CONNOR'S CONFESSIONAL  EARLY MORNINGConnor is furiously working his fingers through the lattice 
               work to open the slider to the priest's booth from his side.INT.  CHURCH  PRIEST'S BOOTH  EARLY MORNINGRocco takes the priest and puts his face in front of the 
               slider to Smecker's booth, gun to the back of his head.PRIESTDon't do this my son.ROCCOOpen it!PRIESTHave you no fear of God?ROCCOThat's who I'm doing this for, now 
                         open the fuckin' thing.

               Connor gets the slider open. Rocco's long hair hangs just 
               inches from Connor's face. Connor puts his thumb and 
               forefinger through, desperately reaching for a lock of Rocco's 
               hair. Rocco jostles the priest and puts the gun hard to his 
               head.ROCCOFather, I'll do you right here.PRIEST(slowly obey, 
                              whispering)
                         God have mercy on my soul.

               Rocco starts to move the priest aside and put his gun to 
               Smecker's now open slider.

               Just then Connor snags a piece of Rocco's hair and pulls him 
               back hard and fast by it, until his head slams into the 
               lattice work. Rocco grabs the priest back into position.

               Connor grabs a nice wad of Rocco's hair with his left hand, 
               so that the side of Rocco's face is now pressed to the 
               lattice. Connor then puts a gun to Rocco's head.CONNOR(hard whisper)
                         You little fuck. Let him go. I'll 
                         drop you right here.ROCCOOkay, just calm down. He could hurt 
                         us, brother. He could ruin the whole 
                         thing.CONNORLet him go or I will deliver you, 
                         right now.
                              (pulls hammer back)ROCCOYou won't do it Connor, you won't. 
                         You love me man.INT.  CHURCH CONFESSIONAL BOOTHS  EARLY MORNINGSmecker wakes up from a drunken stupor. He looks through the 
               slider window at the barely discernible face of the now crying 
               priest.SMECKER(slurred, loud)
                         Hello? You there?PRIESTY-Yes my son.ROCCO(whispers)
                         Do your thing Father. Don't fuck 
                         this up.PRIEST(whispering to Rocco)
                         What do you want me to say?ROCCOJust be natural, goddamit.PRIESTHow long since your last confession, 
                         my son?SMECKEROh, Christ, uh, I've never confessed.

               The priest can hear Connor and Rocco whisper, but Smecker 
               cannot.SMECKERAccording to the dogma of the Catholic 
                         church, I should probably burst into 
                         flames right here in this booth. But 
                         I've come here for advice, not 
                         salvation.

               Connor and Rocco stop and listen now.PRIESTWhy have you come to a church for 
                         council if you're not religious?SMECKER(ponderous)
                         Why have I come to a church? I never 
                         have before. I guess I just... felt 
                         I should.PRIESTWhat is it my son?SMECKERIt's ethics. I put evil men behind 
                         bars, but the law has miles of red 
                         tape and loopholes for these... 
                         cocksuckers to slip through. I've 
                         found out there are these two young 
                         men who fix the situation with an 
                         iron fist. As if they have God's 
                         permission. But what they do is wrong 
                         and I should arrest them... 
                         technically.PRIESTGod's permission? God doesn't...

               Rocco shakes the priest.SMECKERBut in this day and age I believe 
                         what they do is... necessary. I feel 
                         it is... correct.PRIESTYou believe?SMECKERYes.PRIESTYou feel?SMECKERYes.PRIESTYou feel? A soul is what gives you 
                         feelings. Happiness, guilt, right or 
                         wrong. It is a conduit through which 
                         the Lord speaks to us. You felt that 
                         your answers would be here in the 
                         house of God today. You feel these 
                         men are necessary. The Lord has spoken 
                         to you twice this day.

               Rocco and Connor show their individual looks of surprise.SMECKER(sarcastically)
                         Has he now?PRIESTYou have entered the house of the 
                         Lord of your own free will speaking 
                         of beliefs and feelings. Is it so 
                         much to believe that God has brought 
                         you here?SMECKERI guess not.PRIESTIt is easy to be sarcastic about 
                         religion. It is harder to take small 
                         hints from God, your feelings and 
                         listen to them... to take a stand.

               The look of surprise on Rocco and Connor's faces show that 
               the priest is doing a hell of a job.SMECKERYou're right.PRIESTThose who do not act are in a constant 
                         state of ethical indecision.SMECKERI want to stand for what I believe 
                         in, father.PRIESTThen you must find out what your 
                         beliefs are.SMECKERI believe these young men are right.PRIESTYou know them personally?SMECKERYes.PRIESTDo you think they would harm an 
                         innocent man, for any reason?SMECKERNo. They would never do that.

               The priest starts to show signs of anger as he starts turning 
               to Rocco.SMECKERWell, the two Irish guys wouldn't. 
                         But the Italian guy, he might. He's 
                         kind of an idiot.

               Fear returns to the priests face. Rocco presses the gun hard 
               to the priests head and jostles him.ROCCO(whispers to priest)
                         Goddam right, I am.SMECKERI'm beginning to see. I've been doing 
                         my job... well for fifteen years and 
                         it's just not enough. All the things 
                         I wish I could do, these guys are 
                         doing. Millions of dollars in tax 
                         payers' money wasted on shit like 
                         wire taps and surveillance. Theses 
                         boys go in and take care of it for 
                         the price of a bullet.
                              (looks up)
                         Ww-what do you think I should do? 
                         Because I'm a law man.

               Rocco jostles the priest again.PRIESTThe laws of God are higher than the 
                         laws of man.SMECKER(the clouds have lifted)
                         Yes! Yes! I was thinking that, too. 
                         No. I was feeling it. All I needed 
                         was to hear you say it! Amen! I'll 
                         help them.PRIEST(whispers)
                         Forgive me father.SMECKERThank you, Father, thank you.
                              (he attempts the sign 
                              of the cross but 
                              screws it up)
                         Whatever. Goodbye, amen.

               Smecker exits and they all let go after a brief pause. Rocco 
               turns and starts fixing up the priest's ruffled suit.ROCCOI wouldn't have, uh, killed you, 
                         Father. 
                              (signs cross)
                         Dominus Ominus. Remember, you're 
                         bound. You can't talk about this... 
                         to anyone.PRIESTJust go!INT.  CHURCH  EARLY MORNINGRocco exits the booth and shuts the door behind him. Connor 
               is standing outside, hands on his hips. Rocco smiles at him 
               as Connor fumes.ROCCO(giggling)
                         The Lord works in mysterious ways.

               Connor slaps him in the back of the head and kicks him in 
               the ass. Rocco's still giggling as they exit.INT.  PHONE BOOTH  UPTOWN  LATERSMECKERThat's all you can give me?INT.  PHONE BOOTH  DOWNTOWN  CONTINUOUSWe shoot alternating coverage between the two locations.CONNORWell, the light caught the side of 
                         his face for a second. And it looked 
                         like he had a gray beard, maybe... 
                         late fifties, early sixties.SMECKERSo you're telling me it was one guy 
                         with six guns? A-and he was a senior 
                         fucking citizen?CONNORI think it's better if we find this 
                         man before he finds us again.SMECKERI'll see what I can do. How do I get 
                         in touch with you?CONNORWe're going to hit Poppa Joe tonight, 
                         right in the comfort of his own home. 
                         Then we move on to New York. It's 
                         getting a bit hot for us here.SMECKERBe careful.CONNORI'll call you tonight, afterwards.
                              (hangs up)INT.  RITZY RESTAURANT BATHROOM  NIGHTSmecker stands beside Augustus, just the way Yakavetta did.AUGUSTUSI don't know who he is. Nobody does.

               Smecker tosses an envelope of cash in his plate, just as 
               Yakavetta did.SMECKERWhat did he bring him in for?AUGUSTUSNeeded an outsider. The package boy 
                         knows everyone. He'd spot our hitters 
                         a mile away.SMECKERJust for him?AUGUSTUSWell he's the one shooting up all 
                         his guys, right? He's scared of the 
                         kid. Says he's real good, got every 
                         available gun in the city up there.SMECKERUp where?AUGUSTUSUp his house. I don't know what's 
                         going on but I know it's gotta have 
                         something to do with this kid.SMECKEROh fuck!
                              (runs out)INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  BASEMENT HALL  NIGHTThere are several bodies in the hall, some with pennies in 
               their eyes, some without. Down the dark basement halls there 
               is more gore. The boys and Rocco can be heard screaming from 
               a room in the basement. Yakavetta's voice is heard yelling 
               and in command.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  BASEMENT ROOM  NIGHTConnor, Murphy, and Rocco are all hand cuffed to chairs in 
               the seated position. Their clothes are ripped and they have 
               been beaten severely. Blood covers them. Rocco has been 
               uncuffed and two men hold his open hand up as Yakavetta puts 
               a pistol at the base of his remaining pinky finger. Several 
               other hold him down as he and the boys scream in tough 
               protest.YAKAVETTA(yelling)
                         You gonna tell me what's going on 
                         here?! Huh! You little fuck! Gimme 
                         some answers!

               They all yell for him to fuck off. Although Rocco is 
               terrified, he is holding out. Yakavetta fires and Rocco's 
               finger is gone. The blood splatters on Connor's face. Rocco 
               screams in pain saying fuck you through his sobs. After re-
               cuffing Rocco, Yakavetta and his goons exit.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  BASEMENT HALL  NIGHTYakavetta is in the hall with four men. GENO (35 yrs.) very 
               big. CHAPPY (22 yrs.) wears sunglasses even in the dark, 
               trying to look cool. HOJO (28 yrs.) is slick and good-looking.

               Another Mafioso cohort is with them as well.YAKAVETTAWhat do you guys think?GENOThey're tough. No way they're gonna 
                         talk.HOJOI know Rocco. He ain't smart enough 
                         for this shit. These other guys are 
                         the brains. He's just a player.YAKAVETTAThere's only one way to get them to 
                         talk.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  BASEMENT ROOM  NIGHTHe walks back into the room. He saunters up to Rocco very 
               nonchalantly and shoots him in the chest. His chair is blown 
               back to the floor. The boys are screaming and crying as 
               Yakavetta walks out.ROCCO(struggles to talk)
                         You guys?CONNOR(crying)
                         We're here brother.ROCCOYou gotta keep going.MURPHY(sobbing)
                         We'll keep going, Roc.ROCCOYou'll make it outta here. You can't 
                         ever stop, not ever.

               As Rocco dies, they fall into prayer.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  FRONT FOYER  NIGHTYakavetta lights up a cigar and talks to his men.CHAPPYOnce you set him in motion, you can't 
                         call him off. He thinks it's still 
                         on.

               Yakavetta stops as if terrified with a thought.YAKAVETTAOh Jesus Christ!HOJOWhat? I...YAKAVETTAHey, I don't have my name spray 
                         painted on the front of this house. 
                         There are no big pictures of me 
                         anywhere. If this guy thinks the job 
                         is still a go then I got green money 
                         says the mother fucker's out in the 
                         bushes already. I'm fucking gone! 
                         I'm leaving you guys to deal with 
                         this.

               The four guys are left alone. They all look far from confident 
               except for Geno.GENOOne fucking guy, so what.HOJOWhy don't you take the front.
                              (points)
                         You guys cover those other exits and 
                         if you see him, don't flag him down, 
                         just kill the mother fucker. I'm 
                         going back down to work on these 
                         pricks.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  BASEMENT ROOM  NIGHTMurphy has scootched his chair in front of Connor's. He has 
               his back to Connor.

               He stretches his neck over and bites at the collar of his p-
               coat. He gathers as much of the material in his mouth as he 
               can. He starts to yell, "Do it!" but it is muffled.

               Connor, still sobbing, begins to kick his brother's left 
               hand repeatedly. He turns it into a bloody piece of broken 
               meat as Murphy screams through the shirt. Finally, it is 

               broken enough and Murphy pulls it through the cuff.

               He stands and breaks the chair into pieces and grabs the 
               sharpest piece. Hojo enters and Murphy shoves the sharp stick 
               up through the bottom of his chin into his head. He drags 
               him around the room yelling mumbo jumbo into his face as 
               Connor jumps up and down in his chair in rage, wanting a 
               piece of the action.

               Murphy throws the man down and Connor proceeds to viciously 
               kick his dead body. The two have turned into barbarians.

               Murphy removes the man's two guns, shiny nickel-plated 45s.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S FRONT FOYER  NIGHTThere is a knock at the door. Geno jumps with fright and 
               then looks out the peep hole. He sees a well-formed pair of 
               woman's breasts in a cheap dress. He opens the door. A 
               stunning blonde stands before him. She looks like a hooker.

               She wears a short, hot pink dress and a white scarf around 
               her neck, as well as six inch platform heels.SMECKER AS WOMANJoey Bevo sent me over. As 
                         entertainment.

               The woman speaks and it is apparent that this is actually 
               Smecker in drag.GENOListen baby. Tonight ain't the night 
                         for this shit. 
                              (beat)
                         Bevo's so great. Always sending us 
                         hot girls.SMECKERYou look like you could use a quickie.

               Smecker kisses him full on the lips and rubs up against him.

               Geno is convinced. He brings her inside.GENOHey, Chappy!CHAPPY(Chappy, emerges way 
                              down the hall)
                         What the fuck?GENOI ain't been laid in a week. Take 
                         five minutes.CHAPPYIf I die cause you're getting a piece 
                         of ass, I'll come back and beat you 
                         to death with a big rubber dick.GENODon't worry about it.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  NIGHTHe takes Smecker into a small bathroom adjoining the foyer.

               They are instantly in the throws of passion. They grope each 
               other and Smecker cleverly avoids any contact with his crotch. 
               Smecker lies down on the floor and starts to wiggle and 
               seductively touch himself. Geno stands over him, straddling 
               Smecker's hips as he undoes his pants. Suddenly, Smecker 
               grabs both of Geno's ankles and has him locked in position. 
               He repeatedly kicks Geno in the balls from his lying position 
               on the floor. The guy falls on his back unconscious. Smecker 
               uses a silencer, shoots him in the head.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  HALL  NIGHTHe starts to whisper, "It's on now. It's on now. Too far." 
               as he walks down the hall, striding in his high heels, wig 
               back in place. He thoughtlessly blows Chappy away as he passes 
               his position and runs down a long hallway. He turns a corner 
               and points his gun at the Mafioso cohort but pauses.

               He is already sitting with his throat cut. Smecker looks 
               puzzled as Il Duce withdraws from the shadows behind him.

               The Duke pistol whips Smecker. He's out.INT.  YAKAVETTA'S HOUSE  BASEMENT ROOM  NIGHTConnor and Murphy are on their knees in front of Rocco, whom 
               they have sat back up in the chair. They are gently placing 
               pennies in his eye and sobbing as they begin to recite the 
               prayer. As they speak, Il Duce watches. He then begins to 
               whisper the prayer right along with them. Their words match 
               up perfectly. He leans against the wall, holsters his guns, 
               and withdraws a cigarette.

               He rolls it along his tongue and twists it into his lips.

               The boys are still reciting as he strikes a match. They react 
               instantly. Still kneeling they each point a nickel-plated 45 
               toward The Duke. They turn in time to see the light from the 
               match illuminate his face. Il Duce pauses then he strides 
               into the room and proceeds to recite the last half of the 
               prayer.

               He stops between the kneeling boys and finishes off the 
               prayer. The boys are stunned as they realize this is their 
               father. He makes the sign of the cross over Rocco. Then he 
               looks down to the upturned faces of his sons. He places a 
               hand on each of their cheeks.INT.  CHEAP BOSTON HOTEL ROOM  NIGHT  3 MONTHS LATERBoth sleeping boys throw their arms out, mimicking a crucified 
               Christ. Their father turns, sees this, turns back.

               The boys wake with a start. Connor looks to his father, who 
               is already staring at him.CONNORHow far are we going with this, Da?FATHERThe questions is not, "how far?" The 
                         question is, "Do you possess the 
                         constitution, the depth of faith to 
                         go as far as is needed?"INT.  COURTHOUSE  BACK FOYER AREA  MORNINGSmecker opens the door from the inside and lets the MacManus 
               father and sons in. He walks one way they walk the other 
               through the grand courthouse halls.INT.  COURTROOM  MORNINGThe media, with their cameras and notebooks, are at the back 
               of the courtroom. Yakavetta is testifying on the stand. He 
               is cocky. The judge warns Yakavetta that he will have no 
               more of this behavior in his courtroom.MEDIA MAN 1(whispering to #2)
                         Look at his charisma. He's the next 
                         John Gotti.MEDIA MAN 2He'll walk. Even with all this 
                         evidence.MEDIA MAN 1Look.
                              (points to the left 
                              and right sections 
                              of courtroom seating)
                         All Yakavetta's people are on the 
                         right. All the families of the men 
                         he has killed are on the left. 
                         Everyone wants some justice.MEDIA MAN 2Look at him. He doesn't have a care 
                         in the world. He's gonna walk.INT.  FOYER TO COURTROOM  DAYThe MacManusus stand in the foyer. There are a pair of doors 
               that go to the outside hallway and a pair that go to the 
               inside courtroom. There is an armed guard directly inside 
               the courtroom, in front of the doors.

               The door opens a crack and Connor waves the guard into the 
               foyer and starts talking to him. Then dad zaps him with a 
               stun gun. The guard is on the floor, incapacitated and 
               drooling as the boys handcuff him.

               Connor pulls out a length of chain and drapes it through the 
               door handles that lead from the hall into the foyer. He locks 
               them in with a padlock.FATHERHow long do these put a man down 
                         for?MURPHYTen minutes.

               The father zaps the incapacitated man a second time as he 
               lay.FATHERTwenty is a bit better.

               They suit up, Connor and Murphy in their usual masks and 
               gloves, Dad is already in his usual dark hat and glasses.

               The boys start for the courtroom door but dad gently holds 
               them back. He takes a moment, then slowly removes his hat 
               and glasses. His sons look at one another and then remove 
               their masks. The three look into each others eyes for a 
               moment.INT.  COURTROOM  DAYJUDGEDue to the lack of hard evidence......

               The three burst in, guns drawn, and are walking down the 
               aisle.FATHERAll media to the back! Drop the 
                         cameras! Drop 'em!

               Terrified, they all obey. Connor and Murphy pull Yakavetta 
               from the witness booth by his hair and place him on his knees 
               just before the judge's bench. They face him toward the 
               occupants of the courtroom. The father walks up and motions 
               for the judge, who is now banging his gavel and shouting in 
               protest, to come off the stand.

               As soon as he is within arms reach, dad takes him by the 
               collar and drags him down the aisle all the way to where the 
               media stands in horror. He turns and walks back down the 
               aisle.FATHER(loudly)
                         You people have been chosen to reveal 
                         our existence to the world. You will 
                         witness what happens here today and 
                         you will tell of it afterwards.

               All eyes to the front.YAKAVETTA(looking to his 
                              comrades)
                         Fuckin' do something!

               The father keeps them covered. He passes the front, he looks 
               and sees a VIRGINAL-LOOKING WOMAN with her head down crying 
               into her hands. She is on the left side. He gently tilts her 
               chin forward, her eyes fixated on a faded blue butterfly on 
               the back of his hand.FATHER (WHISPERS)(whispers)
                         You must watch dear. It'll all be 
                         over soon. 
                              (she obeys)

               The father takes out a flask. He pours the booze on the judges 
               bench and set it ablaze. Fire alarms start to sound.

               Connor and Murphy jump up on the lawyers' tables. Murphy on 
               the prosecution side, Connor on the defense. The father has 
               his sawed-off to the back of Yakavetta's head.CONNOR(yelling over the 
                              alarm)
                         Now, you will receive us.MURPHY(yelling over the 
                              alarm)
                         We do not ask for your poor or your 
                         hungry.CONNORWe do not want your tired and sick.MURPHYIt is your corrupt we claim.CONNORIt is your evil, who will be sought 
                         by us.MURPHYWith every breath we shall hunt them 
                         down.CONNOREach day we will spill their blood 
                         till it rains down from the skies.MURPHYDo not kill, do not rape, do not 
                         steal. These are principles which 
                         every man of every faith can embrace.CONNORThese are not polite suggestions. 
                         They are codes of behavior and those 
                         that ignore them will pay the dearest 
                         cost.
                              (points to Yakavetta)MURPHYThere are varying degrees of evil. 
                         We urge you lesser forms of filth
                              (pointing to 
                              Yakavetta's people)
                         Not to push the bounds and cross 
                         over into true corruption... into 
                         our domain.CONNORFor if you do, there will come the 
                         day when you look behind you and see 
                         we three. And on that day you will 
                         reap it.MURPHYAnd we will send you to whatever God 
                         you wish.

               Connor and Murphy jump off the table. They approach Yakavetta 
               and stand on either side of their father. All three men hold 
               guns to his head and recite the prayer. As they speak, the 
               right side of the courtroom screams in protest. The left 
               watches in wide-eyed terror, although some men encourage 
               them to do it. The MacManus' read the prayer. They do not 
               falter as the flames rage behind them.

               Yakavetta, accepting his fate, closing his eyes. Peacefully, 
               he does the sign of the cross. The all fire at once. The 
               room explodes in confusion. The three exit the back.INT.  LONG CEMENT HALLWAY  SUBLEVEL OF COURTHOUSEThe MacManuses are all shackled and in blue jumpsuits of the 
               Boston lock-up facility with bags over their heads. Duffy is 
               in full uniform with a shotgun behind them. Smecker is leading 
               the prisoners down the hall. He flashes his F.B.I. 
               identification to every cop he encounters.INT.  COURTHOUSE INSIDE GRANDE FOYER STEPS  DAYThe media is in a frenzy. Little bits of the story are known.

               The people from the left and right sides of the courtroom 
               are yelling and pushing each other as cameras and microphones 
               try to pick up the news. Finally all the focus comes to the 
               virginal woman who had been sitting in the front row. All 
               lights, cameras and microphones are on her.REPORTER 2 (V.O.)Yes! Were you in the courtroom miss? 
                         Did you see?WOMAN (FRAIL)(frail)
                         Yes. I was there.REPORTER (V.O.)How do you feel about what they did?

               (Slo-mo) She sees at the grande hall's end Smecker leading 
               the three out, bags still over their heads. She sees Dad's 
               butterfly tattoo. She knows.WOMANI guess we all know what is right 
                         and wrong. We all know. Nobody needs 
                         to be convinced of what he was... 
                         I'm going home now to have my first 
                         real full night's sleep.

               The people who had been on Yakavetta's side of the courtroom 
               threaten her and force their way through the crowd toward 
               her, thus causing the two sides to fight. Everyone, even 
               reporters are in it. The camera tilts up ending on the statue 
               of the Blind Lady of Justice.FADE OUT:THE END