SHREKWritten by

                                William Steig & Ted ElliottSHREKOnce upon a time there was a lovely 
                         princess. But she had an enchantment 
                         upon her of a fearful sort which could 
                         only be broken by love's first kiss. 
                         She was locked away in a castle guarded 
                         by a terrible fire-breathing dragon. 
                         Many brave knights had attempted to 
                         free her from this dreadful prison, 
                         but non prevailed. She waited in the 
                         dragon's keep in the highest room of 
                         the tallest tower for her true love 
                         and true love's first kiss. (laughs) 
                         Like that's ever gonna happen. What 
                         a load of - (toilet flush)Allstar - by Smashmouth begins to play. Shrek goes about his 
               day. While in a nearby town, the villagers get together to go 
               after the ogre.NIGHT - NEAR SHREK'S HOMEMAN1Think it's in there?MAN2All right. Let's get it!MAN1Whoa. Hold on. Do you know what that 
                         thing can do to you?MAN3Yeah, it'll grind your bones for it's 
                         bread.Shrek sneaks up behind them and laughs.SHREKYes, well, actually, that would be a 
                         giant. Now, ogres, oh they're much worse. 
                         They'll make a suit from your freshly 
                         peeled skin.MENNo!SHREKThey'll shave your liver. Squeeze the 
                         jelly from your eyes! Actually, it's 
                         quite good on toast.MAN1Back! Back, beast! Back! I warn ya! 
                         (waves the torch at Shrek.)Shrek calmly licks his fingers and extinguishes the torch. The 
               men shrink back away from him. Shrek roars very loudly and long 
               and his breath extinguishes all the remaining torches until the 
               men are in the dark.SHREKThis is the part where you run away. 
                         (The men scramble to get away. He laughs.) 
                         And stay out! (looks down and picks 
                         up a piece of paper. Reads.) "Wanted. 
                         Fairy tale creatures."(He sighs and 
                         throws the paper over his shoulder.)THE NEXT DAYThere is a line of fairy tale creatures. The head of the guard 
               sits at a table paying people for bringing the fairy tale creatures 
               to him. There are cages all around. Some of the people in line 
               are Peter Pan, who is carrying Tinkerbell in a cage, Gipetto 
               who's carrying Pinocchio, and a farmer who is carrying the three 
               little pigs.GUARDAll right. This one's full. Take it 
                         away! Move it along. Come on! Get up!HEAD GUARDNext!GUARD(taking the witch's broom) Give me that! 
                         Your flying days are over. (breaks the 
                         broom in half)HEAD GUARDThat's 20 pieces of silver for the witch. 
                         Next!GUARDGet up! Come on!HEAD GUARDTwenty pieces.LITTLE BEAR(crying) This cage is too small.DONKEYPlease, don't turn me in. I'll never 
                         be stubborn again. I can change. Please! 
                         Give me another chance!OLD WOMANOh, shut up. (jerks his rope)DONKEYOh!HEAD GUARDNext! What have you got?GIPETTOThis little wooden puppet.PINOCCHIOI'm not a puppet. I'm a real boy. (his 
                         nose grows)HEAD GUARDFive shillings for the possessed toy. 
                         Take it away.PINOCCHIOFather, please! Don't let them do this! 
                         Help me!Gipetto takes the money and walks off. The old woman steps up 
               to the table.HEAD GUARDNext! What have you got?OLD WOMANWell, I've got a talking donkey.HEAD GUARDRight. Well, that's good for ten shillings, 
                         if you can prove it.OLD WOMANOh, go ahead, little fella.

               Donkey just looks up at her.HEAD GUARDWell?OLD WOMANOh, oh, he's just...he's just a little 
                         nervous. He's really quite a chatterbox. 
                         Talk, you boneheaded dolt...HEAD GUARDThat's it. I've heard enough. Guards!OLD WOMANNo, no, he talks! He does. (pretends 
                         to be Donkey) I can talk. I love to 
                         talk. I'm the talkingest damn thing 
                         you ever saw.HEAD GUARDGet her out of my sight.OLD WOMANNo, no! I swear! Oh! He can talk!

               The guards grab the old woman and she struggles with them. One 
               of her legs flies out and kicks Tinkerbell out of Peter Pan's 
               hands, and her cage drops on Donkey's head. He gets sprinkled 
               with fairy dust and he's able to fly.DONKEYHey! I can fly!PETER PANHe can fly!3 LITTLE PIGSHe can fly!HEAD GUARDHe can talk!DONKEYHa, ha! That's right, fool! Now I'm 
                         a flying, talking donkey. You might 
                         have seen a housefly, maybe even a superfly 
                         but I bet you ain't never seen a donkey 
                         fly. Ha, ha! (the pixie dust begins 
                         to wear off) Uh-oh. (he begins to sink 
                         to the ground.)He hits the ground with a thud.HEAD GUARDSeize him! (Donkey takes of running.) 
                         After him!GUARDSHe's getting away! Get him! This way! 
                         Turn!Donkey keeps running and he eventually runs into Shrek. Literally. 
               Shrek turns around to see who bumped into him. Donkey looks scared 
               for a moment then he spots the guards coming up the path. He 
               quickly hides behind Shrek.HEAD GUARDYou there. Ogre!SHREKAye?HEAD GUARDBy the order of Lord Farquaad I am authorized 
                         to place you both under arrest and transport 
                         you to a designated resettlement facility.SHREKOh, really? You and what army?

               He looks behind the guard and the guard turns to look as well 
               and we see that the other men have run off. The guard tucks tail 
               and runs off. Shrek laughs and goes back about his business and 
               begins walking back to his cottage.DONKEYCan I say something to you? Listen, 
                         you was really, really, really somethin' 
                         back here. Incredible!SHREKAre you talkin' to...(he turns around 
                         and Donkey is gone) me? (he turns back 
                         around and Donkey is right in front 
                         of him.) Whoa!DONKEYYes. I was talkin' to you. Can I tell 
                         you that you that you was great back 
                         here? Those guards! They thought they 
                         was all of that. Then you showed up, 
                         and bam! They was trippin' over themselves 
                         like babes in the woods. That really 
                         made me feel good to see that.SHREKOh, that's great. Really.DONKEYMan, it's good to be free.SHREKNow, why don't you go celebrate your 
                         freedom with your own friends? Hmm?DONKEYBut, uh, I don't have any friends. And 
                         I'm not goin' out there by myself. Hey, 
                         wait a minute! I got a great idea! I'll 
                         stick with you. You're mean, green, 
                         fightin' machine. Together we'll scare 
                         the spit out of anybody that crosses 
                         us.Shrek turns and regards Donkey for a moment before roaring very 
               loudly.DONKEYOh, wow! That was really scary. If you 
                         don't mind me sayin', if that don't 
                         work, your breath certainly will get 
                         the job done, 'cause you definitely 
                         need some Tic Tacs or something, 'cause 
                         you breath stinks! You almost burned 
                         the hair outta my nose, just like the 
                         time...(Shrek covers his mouth but Donkey 
                         continues to talk, so Shrek removes 
                         his hand.) ...then I ate some rotten 
                         berries. I had strong gases leaking 
                         out of my butt that day.SHREKWhy are you following me?DONKEYI'll tell you why. (singing) 'Cause 
                         I'm all alone, There's no one here beside 
                         me, My problems have all gone, There's 
                         no one to deride me, But you gotta have 
                         faith...SHREKStop singing! It's no wonder you don't 
                         have any friends.DONKEYWow. Only a true friend would be that 
                         cruelly honest.SHREKListen, little donkey. Take a look at 
                         me. What am I?DONKEY(looks all the way up at Shrek) Uh ...really 
                         tall?SHREKNo! I'm an ogre! You know. "Grab your 
                         torch and pitchforks." Doesn't that 
                         bother you?DONKEYNope.SHREKReally?DONKEYReally, really.SHREKOh.DONKEYMan, I like you. What's you name?SHREKUh, Shrek.DONKEYShrek? Well, you know what I like about 
                         you, Shrek? You got that kind of I-don't-care-what-nobody-thinks-of-me 
                         thing. I like that. I respect that, 
                         Shrek. You all right. (They come over 
                         a hill and you can see Shrek's cottage.) 
                         Whoa! Look at that. Who'd want to live 
                         in place like that?SHREKThat would be my home.DONKEYOh! And it is lovely! Just beautiful. 
                         You know you are quite a decorator. 
                         It's amazing what you've done with such 
                         a modest budget. I like that boulder. 
                         That is a nice boulder. I guess you 
                         don't entertain much, do you?SHREKI like my privacy.DONKEYYou know, I do too. That's another thing 
                         we have in common. Like I hate it when 
                         you got somebody in your face. You've 
                         trying to give them a hint, and they 
                         won't leave. There's that awkward silence. 
                         (awkward silence) Can I stay with you?SHREKUh, what?DONKEYCan I stay with you, please?SHREK(sarcastically) Of course!DONKEYReally?SHREKNo.DONKEYPlease! I don't wanna go back there! 
                         You don't know what it's like to be 
                         considered a freak. (pause while he 
                         looks at Shrek) Well, maybe you do. 
                         But that's why we gotta stick together. 
                         You gotta let me stay! Please! Please!SHREKOkay! Okay! But one night only.DONKEYAh! Thank you! (he runs inside the cottage)SHREKWhat are you...? (Donkey hops up onto 
                         a chair.) No! No!DONKEYThis is gonna be fun! We can stay up 
                         late, swappin' manly stories, and in 
                         the mornin' I'm makin' waffles.SHREKOh!DONKEYWhere do, uh, I sleep?SHREK(irritated) Outside!DONKEYOh, well, I guess that's cool. I mean, 
                         I don't know you, and you don't know 
                         me, so I guess outside is best, you 
                         know. Here I go. Good night. (Shrek 
                         slams the door.) (sigh) I mean, I do 
                         like the outdoors. I'm a donkey. I was 
                         born outside. I'll just be sitting by 
                         myself outside, I guess, you know. By 
                         myself, outside. I'm all alone...there's 
                         no one here beside me...SHREK'S COTTAGE - NIGHTShrek is getting ready for dinner. He sits himself down and lights 
               a candle made out of earwax. He begins to eat when he hears a 
               noise. He stands up with a huff.SHREK(to Donkey) I thought I told you to 
                         stay outside.DONKEY(from the window) I am outside.

               There is another noise and Shrek turns to find the person that 
               made the noise. He sees several shadows moving. He finally turns 
               and spots 3 blind mice on his table.BLIND MOUSE1Well, gents, it's a far cry from the 
                         farm, but what choice do we have?BLIND MOUSE2It's not home, but it'll do just fine.GORDO(bouncing on a slug) What a lovely bed.SHREKGot ya. (Grabs a mouse, but it escapes 
                         and lands on his shoulder.)GORDOI found some cheese. (bites Shrek's 
                         ear)SHREKOw!GORDOBlah! Awful stuff.BLIND MOUSE1Is that you, Gordo?GORDOHow did you know?SHREKEnough! (he grabs the 3 mice) What are 
                         you doing in my house? (He gets bumped 
                         from behind and he drops the mice.) 
                         Hey! (he turns and sees the Seven Dwarves 
                         with Snow White on the table.) Oh, no, 
                         no, no. Dead broad off the table.DWARFWhere are we supposed to put her? The 
                         bed's taken.SHREKHuh?

               Shrek marches over to the bedroom and throws back the curtain. 
               The Big Bad Wolf is sitting in the bed. The wolf just looks at 
               him.BIG BAD WOLFWhat?TIME LAPSEShrek now has the Big Bad Wolf by the collar and is dragging 
               him to the front door.SHREKI live in a swamp. I put up signs. I'm 
                         a terrifying ogre! What do I have to 
                         do get a little privacy? (He opens the 
                         front door to throw the Wolf out and 
                         he sees that all the collected Fairy 
                         Tale Creatures are on his land.) Oh, 
                         no. No! No!The 3 bears sit around the fire, the pied piper is playing his 
               pipe and the rats are all running to him, some elves are directing 
               flight traffic so that the fairies and witches can land...etc.SHREKWhat are you doing in my swamp? (this 
                         echoes and everyone falls silent.)Gasps are heard all around. The 3 good fairies hide inside a 
               tent.SHREKAll right, get out of here. All of you, 
                         move it! Come on! Let's go! Hapaya! 
                         Hapaya! Hey! Quickly. Come on! (more 
                         dwarves run inside the house) No, no! 
                         No, no. Not there. Not there. (they 
                         shut the door on him) Oh! (turns to 
                         look at Donkey)DONKEYHey, don't look at me. I didn't invite 
                         them.PINOCCHIOOh, gosh, no one invited us.SHREKWhat?PINOCCHIOWe were forced to come here.SHREK(flabbergasted) By who?LITTLE PIGLord Farquaad. He huffed and he puffed 
                         and he...signed an eviction notice.SHREK(heavy sigh) All right. Who knows where 
                         this Farquaad guy is?Everyone looks around at each other but no one answers.DONKEYOh, I do. I know where he is.SHREKDoes anyone else know where to find 
                         him? Anyone at all?DONKEYMe! Me!SHREKAnyone?DONKEYOh! Oh, pick me! Oh, I know! I know! 
                         Me, me!SHREK(sigh) Okay, fine. Attention, all fairy 
                         tale things. Do not get comfortable. 
                         Your welcome is officially worn out. 
                         In fact, I'm gonna see this guy Farquaad 
                         right now and get you all off my land 
                         and back where you came from! (Pause. 
                         Then the crowd goes wild.) Oh! (to Donkey) 
                         You! You're comin' with me.DONKEYAll right, that's what I like to hear, 
                         man. Shrek and Donkey, two stalwart 
                         friends, off on a whirlwind big-city 
                         adventure. I love it!DONKEY(singing) On the road again. Sing it 
                         with me, Shrek. I can't wait to get 
                         on the road again.SHREKWhat did I say about singing?DONKEYCan I whistle?SHREKNo.DONKEYCan I hum it?SHREKAll right, hum it.

               Donkey begins to hum 'On the Road Again'.DULOC - KITCHENA masked man is torturing the Gingerbread Man. He's continually 
               dunking him in a glass of milk. Lord Farquaad walks in.FARQUAADThat's enough. He's ready to talk.The Gingerbread Man is pulled out of the milk and slammed down 
               onto a cookie sheet. Farquaad laughs as he walks over to the 
               table. However when he reaches the table we see that it goes 
               up to his eyes. He clears his throat and the table is lowered.FARQUAAD(he picks up the Gingerbread Man's legs 
                         and plays with them) Run, run, run, 
                         as fast as you can. You can't catch 
                         me. I'm the gingerbread man.GINGERBREAD MANYou are a monster.FARQUAADI'm not the monster here. You are. You 
                         and the rest of that fairy tale trash, 
                         poisoning my perfect world. Now, tell 
                         me! Where are the others?GINGERBREAD MANEat me! (He spits milk into Farquaad's 
                         eye.)FARQUAADI've tried to be fair to you creatures. 
                         Now my patience has reached its end! 
                         Tell me or I'll...(he makes as if to 
                         pull off the Gingerbread Man's buttons)GINGERBREAD MANNo, no, not the buttons. Not my gumdrop 
                         buttons.FARQUAADAll right then. Who's hiding them?GINGERBREAD MANOkay, I'll tell you. Do you know the 
                         muffin man?FARQUAADThe muffin man?GINGERBREAD MANThe muffin man.FARQUAADYes, I know the muffin man, who lives 
                         on Drury Lane?GINGERBREAD MANWell, she's married to the muffin man.FARQUAADThe muffin man?GINGERBREAD MANThe muffin man!FARQUAADShe's married to the muffin man.

               The door opens and the Head Guard walks in.HEAD GUARDMy lord! We found it.FARQUAADThen what are you waiting for? Bring 
                         it in.More guards enter carrying something that is covered by a sheet. 
               They hang up whatever it is and remove the sheet. It is the Magic 
               Mirror.GINGERBREAD MAN(in awe) Ohhhh...FARQUAADMagic mirror...GINGERBREAD MANDon't tell him anything! (Farquaad picks 
                         him up and dumps him into a trash can 
                         with a lid.) No!FARQUAADEvening. Mirror, mirror on the wall. 
                         Is this not the most perfect kingdom 
                         of them all?MIRRORWell, technically you're not a king.FARQUAADUh, Thelonius. (Thelonius holds up a 
                         hand mirror and smashes it with his 
                         fist.) You were saying?MIRRORWhat I mean is you're not a king yet. 
                         But you can become one. All you have 
                         to do is marry a princess.FARQUAADGo on.MIRROR(chuckles nervously) So, just sit back 
                         and relax, my lord, because it's time 
                         for you to meet today's eligible bachelorettes. 
                         And here they are! Bachelorette number 
                         one is a mentally abused shut-in from 
                         a kingdom far, far away. She likes sushi 
                         and hot tubbing anytime. Her hobbies 
                         include cooking and cleaning for her 
                         two evil sisters. Please welcome Cinderella. 
                         (shows picture of Cinderella) Bachelorette 
                         number two is a cape-wearing girl from 
                         the land of fancy. Although she lives 
                         with seven other men, she's not easy. 
                         Just kiss her dead, frozen lips and 
                         find out what a live wire she is. Come 
                         on. Give it up for Snow White! (shows 
                         picture of Snow White) And last, but 
                         certainly not last, bachelorette number 
                         three is a fiery redhead from a dragon-guarded 
                         castle surrounded by hot boiling lava! 
                         But don't let that cool you off. She's 
                         a loaded pistol who likes pina colads 
                         and getting caught in the rain. Yours 
                         for the rescuing, Princess Fiona! (Shows 
                         picture of Princess Fiona) So will it 
                         be bachelorette number one, bachelorette 
                         number two or bachelorette number three?GUARDSTwo! Two! Three! Three! Two! Two! Three!FARQUAADThree? One? Three?THELONIUSThree! (holds up 2 fingers) Pick number 
                         three, my lord!FARQUAADOkay, okay, uh, number three!MIRRORLord Farquaad, you've chosen Princess 
                         Fiona.FARQUAADPrincess Fiona. She's perfect. All I 
                         have to do is just find someone who 
                         can go...MIRRORBut I probably should mention the little 
                         thing that happens at night.FARQUAADI'll do it.MIRRORYes, but after sunset...FARQUAADSilence! I will make this Princess Fiona 
                         my queen, and DuLoc will finally have 
                         the perfect king! Captain, assemble 
                         your finest men. We're going to have 
                         a tournament. (smiles evilly)DuLoc Parking Lot - Lancelot Section

               Shrek and Donkey come out of the field that is right by the parking 
               lot. The castle itself is about 40 stories high.DONKEYBut that's it. That's it right there. 
                         That's DuLoc. I told ya I'd find it.SHREKSo, that must be Lord Farquaad's castle.DONKEYUh-huh. That's the place.SHREKDo you think maybe he's compensating 
                         for something? (He laughs, but then 
                         groans as Donkey doesn't get the joke. 
                         He continues walking through the parking 
                         lot.)DONKEYHey, wait. Wait up, Shrek.MANHurry, darling. We're late. Hurry.SHREKHey, you! (The attendant, who is wearing 
                         a giant head that looks like Lord Farquaad, 
                         screams and begins running through the 
                         rows of rope to get to the front gate 
                         to get away from Shrek.) Wait a second. 
                         Look, I'm not gonna eat you. I just 
                         - - I just - - (He sighs and then begins 
                         walking straight through the rows. The 
                         attendant runs into a wall and falls 
                         down. Shrek and Donkey look at him then 
                         continue on into DuLoc.)DULOCThey look around but all is quiet.SHREKIt's quiet. Too quiet. Where is everybody?DONKEYHey, look at this!

               Donkey runs over and pulls a lever that is attached to a box 
               marked 'Information'. The music winds up and then the box doors 
               open up. There are little wooden people inside and they begin 
               to sing.WOODEN PEOPLEWelcome to DuLoc such a perfect townHere we have some rules

               Let us lay them down

               Don't make waves, stay in line

               And we'll get along fine

               DuLoc is perfect place

               Please keep off of the grass

               Shine your shoes, wipe your... face

               DuLoc is, DuLoc is

               DuLoc is perfect place.

               Suddenly a camera takes Donkey and Shrek's picture.DONKEYWow! Let's do that again! (makes ready 
                         to run over and pull the lever again)SHREK(grabs Donkey's tail and holds him still) 
                         No. No. No, no, no! No.They hear a trumpet fanfare and head over to the arena.FARQUAADBrave knights. You are the best and 
                         brightest in all the land. Today one 
                         of you shall prove himself...As Shrek and Donkey walk down the tunnel to get into the arena 
               Donkey is humming the DuLoc theme song.SHREKAll right. You're going the right way 
                         for a smacked bottom.DONKEYSorry about that.FARQUAADThat champion shall have the honor - 
                         - no, no - - the privilege to go forth 
                         and rescue the lovely Princess Fiona 
                         from the fiery keep of the dragon. If 
                         for any reason the winner is unsuccessful, 
                         the first runner-up will take his place 
                         and so on and so forth. Some of you 
                         may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing 
                         to make. (cheers) Let the tournament 
                         begin! (He notices Shrek) Oh! What is 
                         that? It's hideous!SHREK(turns to look at Donkey and then back 
                         at Farquaad) Ah, that's not very nice. 
                         It's just a donkey.FARQUAADIndeed. Knights, new plan! The one who 
                         kills the ogre will be named champion! 
                         Have it him!MENGet him!SHREKOh, hey! Now come on! Hang on now. (bumps 
                         into a table where there are mugs of 
                         beer)CROWDGo ahead! Get him!SHREK(holds up a mug of beer) Can't we just 
                         settle this over a pint?CROWDKill the beast!SHREKNo? All right then. (drinks the beer) 
                         Come on!He takes the mug and smashes the spigot off the large barrel 
               of beer behind him. The beer comes rushing out drenching the 
               other men and wetting the ground. It's like mud now. Shrek slides 
               past the men and picks up a spear that one of the men dropped. 
               As Shrek begins to fight Donkey hops up onto one of the larger 
               beer barrels. It breaks free of it's ropes and begins to roll. 
               Donkey manages to squish two men into the mud. There is so much 
               fighting going on here I'm not going to go into detail. Suffice 
               to say that Shrek kicks butt.DONKEYHey, Shrek, tag me! Tag me!

               Shrek comes over and bangs a man's head up against Donkeys. Shrek 
               gets up on the ropes and interacts with the crowd.SHREKYeah!

               A man tries to sneak up behind Shrek, but Shrek turns in time 
               and sees him.WOMANThe chair! Give him the chair!

               Shrek smashes a chair over the guys back. Finally all the men 
               are down. Donkey kicks one of them in the helmet, and the ding 
               sounds the end of the match. The audience goes wild.SHREKOh, yeah! Ah! Ah! Thank you! Thank you 
                         very much! I'm here till Thursday. Try 
                         the veal! Ha, ha! (laughs)The laughter stops as all of the guards turn their weapons on 
               Shrek.HEAD GUARDShall I give the order, sir?FARQUAADNo, I have a better idea. People of 
                         DuLoc, I give you our champion!SHREKWhat?FARQUAADCongratulations, ogre. You're won the 
                         honor of embarking on a great and noble 
                         quest.SHREKQuest? I'm already in a quest, a quest 
                         to get my swamp back.FARQUAADYour swamp?SHREKYeah, my swamp! Where you dumped those 
                         fairy tale creatures!FARQUAADIndeed. All right, ogre. I'll make you 
                         a deal. Go on this quest for me, and 
                         I'll give you your swamp back.SHREKExactly the way it was?FARQUAADDown to the last slime-covered toadstool.SHREKAnd the squatters?FARQUAADAs good as gone.SHREKWhat kind of quest?

               Time Lapse - Donkey and Shrek are now walking through the field 
               heading away from DuLoc. Shrek is munching on an onion.DONKEYLet me get this straight. You're gonna 
                         go fight a dragon and rescue a princess 
                         just so Farquaad will give you back 
                         a swamp which you only don't have because 
                         he filled it full of freaks in the first 
                         place. Is that about right?SHREKYou know, maybe there's a good reason 
                         donkeys shouldn't talk.DONKEYI don't get it. Why don't you just pull 
                         some of that ogre stuff on him? Throttle 
                         him, lay siege to his fortress, grinds 
                         his bones to make your bread, the whole 
                         ogre trip.SHREKOh, I know what. Maybe I could have 
                         decapitated an entire village and put 
                         their heads on a pike, gotten a knife, 
                         cut open their spleen and drink their 
                         fluids. Does that sound good to you?DONKEYUh, no, not really, no.SHREKFor your information, there's a lot 
                         more to ogres than people think.DONKEYExample?SHREKExample? Okay, um, ogres are like onions. 
                         (he holds out his onion)DONKEY(sniffs the onion) They stink?SHREKYes - - No!DONKEYThey make you cry?SHREKNo!DONKEYYou leave them in the sun, they get 
                         all brown, start sproutin' little white 
                         hairs.SHREKNo! Layers! Onions have layers. Ogres 
                         have layers! Onions have layers. You 
                         get it? We both have layers. (he heaves 
                         a sigh and then walks off)DONKEY(trailing after Shrek) Oh, you both 
                         have layers. Oh. {Sniffs} You know, 
                         not everybody likes onions. Cake! Everybody 
                         loves cakes! Cakes have layers.SHREKI don't care... what everyone likes. 
                         Ogres are not like cakes.DONKEYYou know what else everybody likes? 
                         Parfaits. Have you ever met a person, 
                         you say, "Let's get some parfait," they 
                         say, "Hell no, I don't like no parfait"? 
                         Parfaits are delicious.SHREKNo! You dense, irritating, miniature 
                         beast of burden! Ogres are like onions! 
                         And of story. Bye-bye. See ya later.DONKEYParfaits may be the most delicious thing 
                         on the whole damn planet.SHREKYou know, I think I preferred your humming.DONKEYDo you have a tissue or something? I'm 
                         making a mess. Just the word parfait 
                         make me start slobbering.They head off. There is a montage of their journey. Walking through 
               a field at sunset. Sleeping beneath a bright moon. Shrek trying 
               to put the campfire out the next day and having a bit of a problem, 
               so Donkey pees on the fire to put it out.DRAGON'S KEEPShrek and Donkey are walking up to the keep that's supposed to 
               house Princess Fiona. It appears to look like a giant volcano.DONKEY(sniffs) Ohh! Shrek! Did you do that? 
                         You gotta warn somebody before you just 
                         crack one off. My mouth was open and 
                         everything.SHREKBelieve me, Donkey, if it was me, you'd 
                         be dead. (sniffs) It's brimstone. We 
                         must be getting close.DONKEYYeah, right, brimstone. Don't be talking 
                         about it's the brimstone. I know what 
                         I smell. It wasn't no brimstone. It 
                         didn't come off no stone neither.They climb up the side of the volcano/keep and look down. There 
               is a small piece of rock right in the center and that is where 
               the castle is. It is surrounded by boiling lava. It looks very 
               foreboding.SHREKSure, it's big enough, but look at the 
                         location. (laughs...then the laugh turns 
                         into a groan)DONKEYUh, Shrek? Uh, remember when you said 
                         ogres have layers?SHREKOh, aye.DONKEYWell, I have a bit of a confession to 
                         make. Donkeys don't have layers. We 
                         wear our fear right out there on our 
                         sleeves.SHREKWait a second. Donkeys don't have sleeves.DONKEYYou know what I mean.SHREKYou can't tell me you're afraid of heights.DONKEYNo, I'm just a little uncomfortable 
                         about being on a rickety bridge over 
                         a boiling like of lava!SHREKCome on, Donkey. I'm right here beside 
                         ya, okay? For emotional support., we'll 
                         just tackle this thing together one 
                         little baby step at a time.DONKEYReally?SHREKReally, really.DONKEYOkay, that makes me feel so much better.SHREKJust keep moving. And don't look down.DONKEYOkay, don't look down. Don't look down. 
                         Don't look down. Keep on moving. Don't 
                         look down. (he steps through a rotting 
                         board and ends up looking straight down 
                         into the lava) Shrek! I'm lookin' down! 
                         Oh, God, I can't do this! Just let me 
                         off, please!SHREKBut you're already halfway.DONKEYBut I know that half is safe!SHREKOkay, fine. I don't have time for this. 
                         You go back.DONKEYShrek, no! Wait!SHREKJust, Donkey - - Let's have a dance 
                         then, shall me? (bounces and sways the 
                         bridge)DONKEYDon't do that!SHREKOh, I'm sorry. Do what? Oh, this? (bounces 
                         the bridge again)DONKEYYes, that!SHREKYes? Yes, do it. Okay. (continues to 
                         bounce and sway as he backs Donkey across 
                         the bridge)DONKEYNo, Shrek! No! Stop it!SHREKYou said do it! I'm doin' it.DONKEYI'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. Shrek, 
                         I'm gonna die. (steps onto solid ground) 
                         Oh!SHREKThat'll do, Donkey. That'll do. (walks 
                         towards the castle)DONKEYCool. So where is this fire-breathing 
                         pain-in-the-neck anyway?SHREKInside, waiting for us to rescue her. 
                         (chuckles)DONKEYI was talkin' about the dragon, Shrek.INSIDE THE CASTLEDONKEYYou afraid?SHREKNo.DONKEYBut...SHREKShh.DONKEYOh, good. Me neither. (sees a skeleton 
                         and gasps) 'Cause there's nothin' wrong 
                         with bein' afraid. Fear's a sensible 
                         response to an unfamiliar situation. 
                         Unfamiliar dangerous situation, I might 
                         add. With a dragon that breathes fire 
                         and eats knights and breathes fire, 
                         it sure doesn't mean you're a coward 
                         if you're a little scared. I sure as 
                         heck ain't no coward. I know that.SHREKDonkey, two things, okay? Shut ... up. 
                         Now go over there and see if you can 
                         find any stairs.DONKEYStairs? I thought we was lookin' for 
                         the princess.SHREK(putting on a helmet) The princess will 
                         be up the stairs in the highest room 
                         in the tallest tower.DONKEYWhat makes you think she'll be there?SHREKI read it in a book once. (walks off)DONKEYCool. You handle the dragon. I'll handle 
                         the stairs. I'll find those stairs. 
                         I'll whip their butt too. Those stairs 
                         won't know which way they're goin'. 
                         (walks off)EMPTY ROOMDonkey is still talking to himself as he looks around the room.DONKEYI'm gonna take drastic steps. Kick it 
                         to the curb. Don't mess with me. I'm 
                         the stair master. I've mastered the 
                         stairs. I wish I had a step right here. 
                         I'd step all over it.ELSEWHEREShrek spots a light in the tallest tower window.SHREKWell, at least we know where the princess 
                         is, but where's the...DONKEY(os) Dragon!

               Donkey gasps and takes off running as the dragon roars again. 
               Shrek manages to grab Donkey out of the way just as the dragon 
               breathes fire.SHREKDonkey, look out! (he manages to get 
                         a hold of the dragons tail and holds 
                         on) Got ya!The dragon gets irritated at this and flicks it's tail and Shrek 
               goes flying through the air and crashes through the roof of the 
               tallest tower. Fiona wakes up with a jerk and looks at him lying 
               on the floor.DONKEYOh! Aah! Aah!

               Donkey get cornered as the Dragon knocks away all but a small 
               part of the bridge he's on.DONKEYNo. Oh, no, No! (the dragon roars) Oh, 
                         what large teeth you have. (the dragon 
                         growls) I mean white, sparkling teeth. 
                         I know you probably hear this all time 
                         from your food, but you must bleach, 
                         'cause that is one dazzling smile you 
                         got there. Do I detect a hint of minty 
                         freshness? And you know what else? You're 
                         - - You're a girl dragon! Oh, sure! 
                         I mean, of course you're a girl dragon. 
                         You're just reeking of feminine beauty. 
                         (the dragon begins fluttering her eyes 
                         at him) What's the matter with you? 
                         You got something in your eye? Ohh. 
                         Oh. Oh. Man, I'd really love to stay, 
                         but you know, I'm, uh...(the dragon 
                         blows a smoke ring in the shape of a 
                         heart right at him, and he coughs) I'm 
                         an asthmatic, and I don't know if it'd 
                         work out if you're gonna blow smoke 
                         rings. Shrek! (the dragon picks him 
                         up with her teeth and carries him off) 
                         No! Shrek! Shrek! Shrek!FIONA'S ROOMShrek groans as he gets up off the floor. His back is to Fiona 
               so she straightens her dress and lays back down on the bed. She 
               then quickly reaches over and gets the bouquet of flowers off 
               the side table. She then lays back down and appears to be asleep. 
               Shrek turns and goes over to her. He looks down at Fiona for 
               a moment and she puckers her lips. Shrek takes her by the shoulders 
               and shakes her away.FIONAOh! Oh!SHREKWake up!FIONAWhat?SHREKAre you Princess Fiona?FIONAI am, awaiting a knight so bold as to 
                         rescue me.SHREKOh, that's nice. Now let's go!FIONABut wait, Sir Knight. This be-ith our 
                         first meeting. Should it not be a wonderful, 
                         romantic moment?SHREKYeah, sorry, lady. There's no time.FIONAHey, wait. What are you doing? You should 
                         sweep me off my feet out yonder window 
                         and down a rope onto your valiant steed.SHREKYou've had a lot of time to plan this, 
                         haven't you?FIONA(smiles) Mm-hmm.

               Shrek breaks the lock on her door and pulls her out and down 
               the hallway.FIONABut we have to savor this moment! You 
                         could recite an epic poem for me. A 
                         ballad? A sonnet! A limerick? Or something!SHREKI don't think so.FIONACan I at least know the name of my champion?SHREKUh, Shrek.FIONASir Shrek. (clears throat and holds 
                         out a handkerchief) I pray that you 
                         take this favor as a token of my gratitude.SHREKThanks!

               Suddenly they hear the dragon roar.FIONA(surprised)You didn't slay the dragon?SHREKIt's on my to-do list. Now come on! 
                         (takes off running and drags Fiona behind 
                         him.)FIONABut this isn't right! You were meant 
                         to charge in, sword drawn, banner flying. 
                         That's what all the other knights did.SHREKYeah, right before they burst into flame.FIONAThat's not the point. (Shrek suddenly 
                         stops and she runs into him.) Oh! (Shrek 
                         ignores her and heads for a wooden door 
                         off to the side.) Wait. Where are you 
                         going? The exit's over there.SHREKWell, I have to save my ass.FIONAWhat kind of knight are you?SHREKOne of a kind. (opens the door into 
                         the throne room)DONKEY(os) Slow down. Slow down, baby, please. 
                         I believe it's healthy to get to know 
                         someone over a long period of time. 
                         Just call me old-fashioned. (laughs 
                         worriedly) (we see him up close and 
                         from a distance as Shrek sneaks into 
                         the room) I don't want to rush into 
                         a physical relationship. I'm not emotionally 
                         ready for a commitment of, uh, this 
                         - - Magnitude really is the word I'm 
                         looking for. Magnitude- - Hey, that 
                         is unwanted physical contact. Hey, what 
                         are you doing? Okay, okay. Let's just 
                         back up a little and take this one step 
                         at a time. We really should get to know 
                         each other first as friends or pen pals. 
                         I'm on the road a lot, but I just love 
                         receiving cards - - I'd really love 
                         to stay, but - - Don't do that! That's 
                         my tail! That's my personal tail. You're 
                         gonna tear it off. I don't give permission 
                         - - What are you gonna do with that? 
                         Hey, now. No way. No! No! No, no! No. 
                         No, no, no. No! Oh!Shrek grabs a chain that's connected to the chandelier and swings 
               toward the dragon. He misses and he swings back again. He looks 
               up and spots that the chandelier is right above the dragons head. 
               He pulls on the chain and it releases and he falls down and bumps 
               Donkey out of the way right as the dragon is about to kiss him. 
               Instead the dragon kisses Shreks' butt. She opens her eyes and 
               roars. Shrek lets go of the chain and the chandelier falls onto 
               her head, but it's too big and it goes over her head and forms 
               a sort of collar for her. She roars again and Shrek and Donkey 
               take off running. Very 'Matrix' style. Shrek grabs Donkey and 
               then grabs Princess Fiona as he runs past her.DONKEYHi, Princess!FIONAIt talks!SHREKYeah, it's getting him to shut up that's 
                         the trick.They all start screaming as the dragon gains on them. Shrek spots 
               a descending slide and jumps on. But unfortunately there is a 
               crack in the stone and it hits Shrek right in the groin. His 
               eyes cross and as he reaches the bottom of the slide he stumbles 
               off and walks lightly.SHREKOh!

               Shrek gets them close to the exit and sets down Donkey and Fiona.SHREKOkay, you two, heard for the exit! I'll 
                         take care of the dragon.Shrek grabs a sword and heads back toward the interior of the 
               castle. He throws the sword down in between several overlapping 
               chain links. The chain links are attached to the chandelier that 
               is still around the dragons neck.SHREK(echoing) Run!

               They all take off running for the exit with the dragon in hot 
               pursuit. They make it to the bridge and head across. The dragons 
               breathes fire and the bridge begins to burn. They all hang on 
               for dear life as the ropes holding the bridge up collapse. They 
               are swung to the other side. As they hang upside down they look 
               in horror as the dragon makes to fly over the boiling lava to 
               get them. But suddenly the chandelier with the chain jerk the 
               dragon back and she's unable to get to them. Our gang climbs 
               quickly to safety as the dragon looks angry and then gives a 
               sad whimper as she watches Donkey walk away.FIONA(sliding down the 'volcano' hill) You 
                         did it! You rescued me! You're amazing. 
                         (behind her Donkey falls down the hill) 
                         You're - - You're wonderful. You're... 
                         (turns and sees Shrek fall down the 
                         hill and bump into Donkey) a little 
                         unorthodox I'll admit. But thy deed 
                         is great, and thy heart is pure. I am 
                         eternally in your debt. (Donkey clears 
                         his throat.) And where would a brave 
                         knight be without his noble steed?DONKEYI hope you heard that. She called me 
                         a noble steed. She think I'm a steed.FIONAThe battle is won. You may remove your 
                         helmet, good Sir Knight.SHREKUh, no.FIONAWhy not?SHREKI have helmet hair.FIONAPlease. I would'st look upon the face 
                         of my rescuer.SHREKNo, no, you wouldn't - - 'st.FIONABut how will you kiss me?SHREKWhat? (to Donkey) That wasn't in the 
                         job description.DONKEYMaybe it's a perk.FIONANo, it's destiny. Oh, you must know 
                         how it goes. A princess locked in a 
                         tower and beset by a dragon is rescued 
                         by a brave knight, and then they share 
                         true love's first kiss.DONKEYHmm? With Shrek? You think- - Wait. 
                         Wait. You think that Shrek is you true 
                         love?FIONAWell, yes.

               Both Donkey and Shrek burst out laughing.DONKEYYou think Shrek is your true love!FIONAWhat is so funny?SHREKLet's just say I'm not your type, okay?Fiona: 
                         Of course, you are. You're my rescuer. 
                         Now - - Now remove your helmet.SHREKLook. I really don't think this is a 
                         good idea.FIONAJust take off the helmet.SHREKI'm not going to.FIONATake it off.SHREKNo!FIONANow!SHREKOkay! Easy. As you command. Your Highness. 
                         (takes off his helmet)FIONAYou- - You're a- - an ogre.SHREKOh, you were expecting Prince Charming.FIONAWell, yes, actually. Oh, no. This is 
                         all wrong. You're not supposed to be 
                         an ogre.SHREKPrincess, I was sent to rescue you by 
                         Lord Farquaad, okay? He is the one who 
                         wants to marry you.FIONAThen why didn't he come rescue me?SHREKGood question. You should ask him that 
                         when we get there.FIONABut I have to be rescued by my true 
                         love, not by some ogre and his- - his 
                         pet.DONKEYWell, so much for noble steed.SHREKYou're not making my job any easier.FIONAI'm sorry, but your job is not my problem. 
                         You can tell Lord Farquaad that if he 
                         wants to rescue me properly, I'll be 
                         waiting for him right here.SHREKHey! I'm no one's messenger boy, all 
                         right? (ominous) I'm a delivery boy. 
                         (he swiftly picks her up and swings 
                         her over his shoulder like she was a 
                         sack of potatoes)FIONAYou wouldn't dare. Put me down!SHREKYa comin', Donkey?DONKEYI'm right behind ya.FIONAPut me down, or you will suffer the 
                         consequences! This is not dignified! 
                         Put me down!WOODSA little time has passed and Fiona has calmed down. She just 
               hangs there limply while Shrek carries her.DONKEYOkay, so here's another question. Say 
                         there's a woman that digs you, right, 
                         but you don't really like her that way. 
                         How do you let her down real easy so 
                         her feelings aren't hurt, but you don't 
                         get burned to a crisp and eaten?FIONAYou just tell her she's not your true 
                         love. Everyone knows what happens when 
                         you find your...(Shrek drops her on 
                         the ground) Hey! The sooner we get to 
                         DuLoc the better.DONKEYYou're gonna love it there, Princess. 
                         It's beautiful!FIONAAnd what of my groom-to-be? Lord Farquaad? 
                         What's he like?SHREKLet me put it this way, Princess. Men 
                         of Farquaad's stature are in short supply. 
                         (he and Donkey laugh)Shrek then proceeds to splash water onto his face to wash off 
               the dust and grime.DONKEYI don't know. There are those who think 
                         little of him. (they laugh again) Fiona: 
                         Stop it. Stop it, both of you. You're 
                         just jealous you can never measure up 
                         to a great ruler like Lord Farquaad.SHREKYeah, well, maybe you're right, Princess. 
                         But I'll let you do the "measuring" 
                         when you see him tomorrow.FIONA(looks at the setting sun) Tomorrow? 
                         It'll take that long? Shouldn't we stop 
                         to make camp?SHREKNo, that'll take longer. We can keep 
                         going.FIONABut there's robbers in the woods.DONKEYWhoa! Time out, Shrek! Camp is starting 
                         to sound good.SHREKHey, come on. I'm scarier than anything 
                         we're going to see in this forest.FIONAI need to find somewhere to camp now!Both Donkey and Shrek's ears lower as they shrink away from her.MOUNTAIN CLIFFShrek has found a cave that appears to be in good order. He shoves 
               a stone boulder out of the way to reveal the cave.SHREKHey! Over here.DONKEYShrek, we can do better than that. I 
                         don't think this is fit for a princess.FIONANo, no, it's perfect. It just needs 
                         a few homey touches.SHREKHomey touches? Like what? (he hears 
                         a tearing noise and looks over at Fiona 
                         who has torn the bark off of a tree.)FIONAA door? Well, gentlemen, I bid thee 
                         good night. (goes into the cave and 
                         puts the bark door up behind her)DONKEYYou want me to read you a bedtime story? 
                         I will.FIONA(os) I said good night!

               Shrek looks at Donkey for a second and then goes to move the 
               boulder back in front of the entrance to the cave with Fiona 
               still inside.DONKEYShrek, What are you doing?SHREK(laughs) I just- - You know - - Oh, 
                         come on. I was just kidding.LATER THAT NIGHTShrek and Donkey are sitting around a campfire. They are staring 
               up into the sky as Shrek points out certain star constellations 
               to Donkey.SHREKAnd, uh, that one, that's Throwback, 
                         the only ogre to ever spit over three 
                         wheat fields.DONKEYRight. Yeah. Hey, can you tell my future 
                         from these stars?SHREKThe stars don't tell the future, Donkey. 
                         They tell stories. Look, there's Bloodnut, 
                         the Flatulent. You can guess what he's 
                         famous for.DONKEYI know you're making this up.SHREKNo, look. There he is, and there's the 
                         group of hunters running away from his 
                         stench.DONKEYThat ain't nothin' but a bunch of little 
                         dots.SHREKYou know, Donkey, sometimes things are 
                         more than they appear. Hmm? Forget it.DONKEY(heaves a big sigh) Hey, Shrek, what 
                         we gonna do when we get our swamp anyway?SHREKOur swamp?DONKEYYou know, when we're through rescuing 
                         the princess.SHREKWe? Donkey, there's no "we". There's 
                         no "our". There's just me and my swamp. 
                         The first thing I'm gonna do is build 
                         a ten-foot wall around my land.DONKEYYou cut me deep, Shrek. You cut me real 
                         deep just now. You know what I think? 
                         I think this whole wall thing is just 
                         a way to keep somebody out.SHREKNo, do ya think?DONKEYAre you hidin' something?SHREKNever mind, Donkey.DONKEYOh, this is another one of those onion 
                         things, isn't it?SHREKNo, this is one of those drop-it and 
                         leave-it alone things.DONKEYWhy don't you want to talk about it?SHREKWhy do you want to talk about it?DONKEYWhy are you blocking?SHREKI'm not blocking.DONKEYOh, yes, you are.SHREKDonkey, I'm warning you.DONKEYWho you trying to keep out?SHREKEveryone! Okay?DONKEY(pause) Oh, now we're gettin' somewhere. 
                         (grins)At this point Fiona pulls the 'door' away from the entrance to 
               the cave and peaks out. Neither of the guys see her.SHREKOh! For the love of Pete! (gets up and 
                         walks over to the edge of the cliff 
                         and sits down)DONKEYWhat's your problem? What you got against 
                         the whole world anyway?SHREKLook, I'm not the one with the problem, 
                         okay? It's the world that seems to have 
                         a problem with me. People take one look 
                         at me and go. "Aah! Help! Run! A big, 
                         stupid, ugly ogre!" They judge me before 
                         they even know me. That's why I'm better 
                         off alone.DONKEYYou know what? When we met, I didn't 
                         think you was just a big, stupid, ugly 
                         ogre.SHREKYeah, I know.DONKEYSo, uh, are there any donkeys up there?SHREKWell, there's, um, Gabby, the Small 
                         and Annoying.DONKEYOkay, okay, I see it now. The big shiny 
                         one, right there. That one there?Fiona puts the door back.SHREKThat's the moon.DONKEYOh, okay.

               DuLoc - Farquaad's Bedroom

               The camera pans over a lot of wedding stuff. Soft music plays 
               in the background. Farquaad is in bed, watching as the Magic 
               Mirror shows him Princess Fiona.FARQUAADAgain, show me again. Mirror, mirror, 
                         show her to me. Show me the princess.MIRRORHmph.

               The Mirror rewinds and begins to play again from the beginning.FARQUAADAh. Perfect.

               Farquaad looks down at his bare chest and pulls the sheet up 
               to cover himself as though Fiona could see him as he gazes sheepishly 
               at her image in the mirror.MORNINGFiona walks out of the cave. She glances at Shrek and Donkey 
               who are still sleeping. She wanders off into the woods and comes 
               across a blue bird. She begins to sing. The bird sings along 
               with her. She hits higher and higher notes and the bird struggles 
               to keep up with her. Suddenly the pressure of the note is too 
               big and the bird explodes. Fiona looks a little sheepish, but 
               she eyes the eggs that the bird left behind. Time lapse, Fiona 
               is now cooking the eggs for breakfast. Shrek and Donkey are still 
               sleeping. Shrek wakes up and looks at Fiona. Donkey's talking 
               in his sleep.DONKEY(quietly) Mmm, yeah, you know I like 
                         it like that. Come on, baby. I said 
                         I like it.SHREKDonkey, wake up. (shakes him)DONKEYHuh? What?SHREKWake up.DONKEYWhat? (stretches and yawns)FIONAGood morning. Hm, how do you like your 
                         eggs?DONKEYOh, good morning, Princess!

               Fiona gets up and sets the eggs down in front of them.SHREKWhat's all this about?FIONAYou know, we kind of got off to a bad 
                         start yesterday. I wanted to make it 
                         up to you. I mean, after all, you did 
                         rescue me.SHREKUh, thanks.

               Donkey sniffs the eggs and licks his lips.FIONAWell, eat up. We've got a big day ahead 
                         of us. (walks off)LATERThey are once again on their way. They are walking through the 
               forest. Shrek belches.DONKEYShrek!SHREKWhat? It's a compliment. Better out 
                         than in, I always say. (laughs)DONKEYWell, it's no way to behave in front 
                         of a princess.Fiona belchesFIONAThanks.DONKEYShe's as nasty as you are.SHREK(chuckles) You know, you're not exactly 
                         what I expected.FIONAWell, maybe you shouldn't judge people 
                         before you get to know them.She smiles and then continues walking, singing softly. Suddenly 
               from out of nowhere, a man swings down and swoops Fiona up into 
               a tree.ROBIN HOODLa liberte! Hey!SHREKPrincess!FIONA(to Robin Hood) What are you doing?ROBIN HOODBe still, mon cherie, for I am you savior! 
                         And I am rescuing you from this green...(kisses 
                         up her arm while Fiona pulls back in 
                         disgust)...beast.SHREKHey! That's my princess! Go find you 
                         own!ROBIN HOODPlease, monster! Can't you see I'm a 
                         little busy here?FIONA(getting fed up) Look, pal, I don't 
                         know who you think you are!ROBIN HOODOh! Of course! Oh, how rude. Please 
                         let me introduce myself. Oh, Merry Men. 
                         (laughs)Suddenly an accordion begins to play and the Merry men pop out 
               from the bushes. They begin to sing Robin's theme song.MERRY MENTa, dah, dah, dah, whoo.ROBIN HOODI steal from the rich and give to the 
                         needy.MERRY MENHe takes a wee percentage,ROBIN HOODBut I'm not greedy. I rescue pretty 
                         damsels, man, I'm good.MERRY MENWhat a guy, Monsieur Hood.ROBIN HOODBreak it down. I like an honest fight 
                         and a saucy little maid...MERRY MENWhat he's basically saying is he likes 
                         to get...ROBIN HOODPaid. So...When an ogre in the bush 
                         grabs a lady by the tush. That's bad.MERRY MENThat's bad.ROBIN HOODWhen a beauty's with a beast it makes 
                         me awfully mad.MERRY MENHe's mad, he's really, really mad.ROBIN HOODI'll take my blade and ram it through 
                         your heart, keep your eyes on me, boys 
                         'cause I'm about to start...There is a grunt as Fiona swings down from the tree limb and 
               knocks Robin Hood unconscious.FIONAMan, that was annoying!

               Shrek looks at her in admiration.MERRY MANOh, you little- - (shoots an arrow at 
                         Fiona but she ducks out of the way)The arrow flies toward Donkey who jumps into Shrek's arms to 
               get out of the way. The arrow proceeds to just bounce off a tree.Another fight sequence begins and Fiona gives a karate yell and 
               then proceeds to beat the crap out of the Merry Men. There is 
               a very interesting 'Matrix' moment here when Fiona pauses in 
               mid-air to fix her hair. Finally all of the Merry Men are down, 
               and Fiona begins walking away.FIONAUh, shall we?SHREKHold the phone. (drops Donkey and begins 
                         walking after Fiona) Oh! Whoa, whoa, 
                         whoa. Hold on now. Where did that come 
                         from?FIONAWhat?SHREKThat! Back there. That was amazing! 
                         Where did you learn that?FIONAWell...(laughs) when one lives alone, 
                         uh, one has to learn these things in 
                         case there's a...(gasps and points) 
                         there's an arrow in your butt!SHREKWhat? (turns and looks) Oh, would you 
                         look at that? (he goes to pull it out 
                         but flinches because it's tender)FIONAOh, no. This is all my fault. I'm so 
                         sorry.DONKEY(walking up) Why? What's wrong?FIONAShrek's hurt.DONKEYShrek's hurt. Shrek's hurt? Oh, no, 
                         Shrek's gonna die.SHREKDonkey, I'm okay.DONKEYYou can't do this to me, Shrek. I'm 
                         too young for you to die. Keep you legs 
                         elevated. Turn your head and cough. 
                         Does anyone know the Heimlich?FIONADonkey! Calm down. If you want to help 
                         Shrek, run into the woods and find me 
                         a blue flower with red thorns.DONKEYBlue flower, red thorns. Okay, I'm on 
                         it. Blue flower, red thorns. Don't die 
                         Shrek. If you see a long tunnel, stay 
                         away from the light!SHREK & FIONADonkey!DONKEYOh, yeah. Right. Blue flower, red thorns. 
                         (runs off)SHREKWhat are the flowers for?FIONA(like it's obvious) For getting rid 
                         of Donkey.SHREKAh.FIONANow you hold still, and I'll yank this 
                         thing out. (gives the arrow a little 
                         pull)SHREK(jumps away) Ow! Hey! Easy with the 
                         yankin'.As they continue to talk Fiona keeps going after the arrow and 
               Shrek keeps dodging her hands.FIONAI'm sorry, but it has to come out.SHREKNo, it's tender.FIONANow, hold on.SHREKWhat you're doing is the opposite of 
                         help.FIONADon't move.SHREKLook, time out.FIONAWould you...(grunts as Shrek puts his 
                         hand over her face to stop her from 
                         getting at the arrow) Okay. What do 
                         you propose we do?ELSEWHEREDonkey is still looking for the special flower.DONKEYBlue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, 
                         red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. 
                         This would be so much easier if I wasn't 
                         color-blind! Blue flower, red thorns.SHREK(os) Ow!DONKEYHold on, Shrek! I'm comin'! (rips a 
                         flower off a nearby bush that just happens 
                         to be a blue flower with red thorns)THE FOREST PATHSHREKOw! Not good.FIONAOkay. Okay. I can nearly see the head. 
                         (Shrek grunts as she pulls) It's just 
                         about...SHREKOw! Ohh! (he jerks and manages to fall 
                         over with Fiona on top of him)DONKEYAhem.SHREK(throwing Fiona off of him) Nothing 
                         happend. We were just, uh - -DONKEYLook, if you wanted to be alone, all 
                         you had to do was ask. Okay?SHREKOh, come on! That's the last thing on 
                         my mind. The princess here was just- 
                         - (Fiona pulls the arrow out) Ugh! (he 
                         turns to look at Fiona who holds up 
                         the arrow with a smile) Ow!DONKEYHey, what's that? (nervous chuckle) 
                         That's...is that blood?Donkey faints. Shrek walks over and picks him up as they continue 
               on their way.There is a montage of scenes as the group heads back to DuLoc. 
               Shrek crawling up to the top of a tree to make it fall over a 
               small brook so that Fiona won't get wet. Shrek then gets up as 
               Donkey is just about to cross the tree and the tree swings back 
               into it's upright position and Donkey flies off. Shrek swatting 
               and a bunch of flies and mosquitoes. Fiona grabs a nearby spiderweb 
               that's on a tree branch and runs through the field swinging it 
               around to catch the bugs. She then hands it to Shrek who begins 
               eating like it's a treat. As he walks off she licks her fingers. 
               Shrek catching a toad and blowing it up like a balloon and presenting 
               it to Fiona. Fiona catching a snake, blowing it up, fashioning 
               it into a balloon animal and presenting it to Shrek. The group 
               arriving at a windmill that is near DuLoc.WINDMILLSHREKThere it is, Princess. Your future awaits 
                         you.FIONAThat's DuLoc?DONKEYYeah, I know. You know, Shrek thinks 
                         Lord Farquaad's compensating for something, 
                         which I think means he has a really...(Shrek 
                         steps on his hoof) Ow!SHREKUm, I, uh- - I guess we better move 
                         on.FIONASure. But, Shrek? I'm - - I'm worried 
                         about Donkey.SHREKWhat?FIONAI mean, look at him. He doesn't look 
                         so good.DONKEYWhat are you talking about? I'm fine.FIONA(kneels to look him in the eyes) That's 
                         what they always say, and then next 
                         thing you know, you're on your back. 
                         (pause) Dead.SHREKYou know, she's right. You look awful. 
                         Do you want to sit down?FIONAUh, you know, I'll make you some tea.DONKEYI didn't want to say nothin', but I 
                         got this twinge in my neck, and when 
                         I turn my head like this, look, (turns 
                         his neck in a very sharp way until his 
                         head is completely sideways) Ow! See?SHREKWho's hungry? I'll find us some dinner.FIONAI'll get the firewood.DONKEYHey, where you goin'? Oh, man, I can't 
                         feel my toes! (looks down and yelps) 
                         I don't have any toes! I think I need 
                         a hug.SUNSETShrek has built a fire and is cooking the rest of dinner while 
               Fiona eats.FIONAMmm. This is good. This is really good. 
                         What is this?SHREKUh, weed rat. Rotisserie style.FIONANo kidding. Well, this is delicious.SHREKWell, they're also great in stews. Now, 
                         I don't mean to brag, but I make a mean 
                         weed rat stew. (chuckles)Fiona looks at DuLoc and sighs.FIONAI guess I'll be dining a little differently 
                         tomorrow night.SHREKMaybe you can come visit me in the swamp 
                         sometime. I'll cook all kind of stuff 
                         for you. Swamp toad soup, fish eye tartare 
                         - - you name it.FIONA(smiles) I'd like that.

               They smiles at each other.SHREKUm, Princess?FIONAYes, Shrek?SHREKI, um, I was wondering...are you...(sighs) 
                         Are you gonna eat that?DONKEY(chuckles) Man, isn't this romantic? 
                         Just look at that sunset.FIONA(jumps up) Sunset? Oh, no! I mean, it's 
                         late. I-It's very late.SHREKWhat?DONKEYWait a minute. I see what's goin' on 
                         here. You're afraid of the dark, aren't 
                         you?FIONAYes! Yes, that's it. I'm terrified. 
                         You know, I'd better go inside.DONKEYDon't feel bad, Princess. I used to 
                         be afraid of the dark, too, until - 
                         - Hey, no, wait. I'm still afraid of 
                         the dark.Shrek sighsFIONAGood night.SHREKGood night.

               Fiona goes inside the windmill and closes the door. Donkey looks 
               at Shrek with a new eye.DONKEYOhh! Now I really see what's goin' on 
                         here.SHREKOh, what are you talkin' about?DONKEYI don't even wanna hear it. Look, I'm 
                         an animal, and I got instincts. And 
                         I know you two were diggin' on each 
                         other. I could feel it.SHREKYou're crazy. I'm just bringing her 
                         back to Farquaad.DONKEYOh, come on, Shrek. Wake up and smell 
                         the pheromones. Just go on in and tell 
                         her how you feel.SHREKI- - There's nothing to tell. Besides, 
                         even if I did tell her that, well, you 
                         know - - and I'm not sayin' I do 'cause 
                         I don't - - she's a princess, and I'm- -DONKEYAn ogre?SHREKYeah. An ogre.DONKEYHey, where you goin'?SHREKTo get... move firewood. (sighs)

               Donkey looks over at the large pile of firewood there already 
               is.TIME LAPSEDonkey opens the door to the Windmill and walks in. Fiona is 
               nowhere to be seen.DONKEYPrincess? Princess Fiona? Princess, 
                         where are you? Princess?Fiona looks at Donkey from the shadows, but we can't see her.DONKEYIt's very spooky in here. I ain't playing 
                         no games.Suddenly Fiona falls from the railing. She gets up only she doesn't 
               look like herself. She looks like an ogre and Donkey starts freaking 
               out.DONKEYAah!FIONAOh, no!DONKEYNo, help!FIONAShh!DONKEYShrek! Shrek! Shrek!FIONANo, it's okay. It's okay.DONKEYWhat did you do with the princess?FIONADonkey, I'm the princess.DONKEYAah!FIONAIt's me, in this body.DONKEYOh, my God! You ate the princess. (to 
                         her stomach) Can you hear me?FIONADonkey!DONKEY(still aimed at her stomach) Listen, 
                         keep breathing! I'll get you out of 
                         there!FIONANo!DONKEYShrek! Shrek! Shrek!FIONAShh.DONKEYShrek!FIONAThis is me.

               Donkey looks into her eyes as she pets his muzzle, and he quiets 
               down.DONKEYPrincess? What happened to you? You're, 
                         uh, uh, uh, different.FIONAI'm ugly, okay?DONKEYWell, yeah! Was it something you ate? 
                         'Cause I told Shrek those rats was a 
                         bad idea. You are what you eat, I said. 
                         Now - -FIONANo. I - - I've been this way as long 
                         as I can remember.DONKEYWhat do you mean? Look, I ain't never 
                         seen you like this before.FIONAIt only happens when sun goes down. 
                         "By night one way, by day another. This 
                         shall be the norm... until you find 
                         true love's first kiss... and then take 
                         love's true form."DONKEYAh, that's beautiful. I didn't know 
                         you wrote poetry.FIONAIt's a spell. (sigh) When I was a little 
                         girl, a witch cast a spell on me. Every 
                         night I become this. This horrible, 
                         ugly beast! I was placed in a tower 
                         to await the day my true love would 
                         rescue me. That's why I have to marry 
                         Lord Farquaad tomorrow before the sun 
                         sets and he sees me like this. (begins 
                         to cry)DONKEYAll right, all right. Calm down. Look, 
                         it's not that bad. You're not that ugly. 
                         Well, I ain't gonna lie. You are ugly. 
                         But you only look like this at night. 
                         Shrek's ugly 24-7.FIONABut Donkey, I'm a princess, and this 
                         is not how a princess is meant to look.DONKEYPrincess, how 'bout if you don't marry 
                         Farquaad?FIONAI have to. Only my true love's kiss 
                         can break the spell.DONKEYBut, you know, um, you're kind of an 
                         orge, and Shrek - - well, you got a 
                         lot in common.FIONAShrek?OUTSIDEShrek is walking towards the windmill with a sunflower in his 
               hand.SHREK(to himself) Princess, I - - Uh, how's 
                         it going, first of all? Good? Um, good 
                         for me too. I'm okay. I saw this flower 
                         and thought of you because it's pretty 
                         and - - well, I don't really like it, 
                         but I thought you might like it 'cause 
                         you're pretty. But I like you anyway. 
                         I'd - - uh, uh...(sighs) I'm in trouble. 
                         Okay, here we go.He walks up to the door and pauses outside when he hears Donkey 
               and Fiona talking.FIONA(os) I can't just marry whoever I want. 
                         Take a good look at me, Donkey. I mean, 
                         really, who can ever love a beast so 
                         hideous and ugly? "Princess" and "ugly" 
                         don't go together. That's why I can't 
                         stay here with Shrek.Shrek steps back in shock.FIONA(os) My only chance to live happily 
                         ever after is to marry my true love.Shrek heaves a deep sigh. He throws the flower down and walks 
               away.INSIDEFIONADon't you see, Donkey? That's just how 
                         it has to be. It's the only way to break 
                         the spell.DONKEYYou at least gotta tell Shrek the truth.FIONANo! You can't breathe a word. No one 
                         must ever know.DONKEYWhat's the point of being able to talk 
                         if you gotta keep secrets?FIONAPromise you won't tell. Promise!DONKEYAll right, all right. I won't tell him. 
                         But you should. (goes outside) I just 
                         know before this is over, I'm gonna 
                         need a whole lot of serious therapy. 
                         Look at my eye twitchin'.Fiona comes out the door and watches him walk away. She looks 
               down and spots the sunflower. She picks it up before going back 
               inside the windmill.MORNINGDonkey is asleep. Shrek is nowhere to be seen. Fiona is still 
               awake. She is plucking petals from the sunflower.FIONAI tell him, I tell him not. I tell him, 
                         I tell him not. I tell him. (she quickly 
                         runs to the door and goes outside) Shrek! 
                         Shrek, there's something I want...(she 
                         looks and sees the rising sun, and as 
                         the sun crests the sky she turns back 
                         into a human.)Just as she looks back at the sun she sees Shrek stomping towards 
               her.FIONAShrek. Are you all right?SHREKPerfect! Never been better.FIONAI - - I don't - - There's something 
                         I have to tell you.SHREKYou don't have to tell me anything, 
                         Princess. I heard enough last night.FIONAYou heard what I said?SHREKEvery word.FIONAI thought you'd understand.SHREKOh, I understand. Like you said, "Who 
                         could love a hideous, ugly beast?"FIONABut I thought that wouldn't matter to 
                         you.SHREKYeah? Well, it does. (Fiona looks at 
                         him in shock. He looks past her and 
                         spots a group approaching.) Ah, right 
                         on time. Princess, I've brought you 
                         a little something.Farquaad has arrived with a group of his men. He looks very regal 
               sitting up on his horse. You would never guess that he's only 
               like 3 feet tall. Donkey wakes up with a yawn as the soldiers 
               march by.DONKEYWhat'd I miss? What'd I miss? (spots 
                         the soldiers) (muffled) Who said that? 
                         Couldn't have been the donkey.FARQUAADPrincess Fiona.SHREKAs promised. Now hand it over.FARQUAADVery well, ogre. (holds out a piece 
                         of paper) The deed to your swamp, cleared 
                         out, as agreed. Take it and go before 
                         I change my mind. (Shrek takes the paper) 
                         Forgive me, Princess, for startling 
                         you, but you startled me, for I have 
                         never seen such a radiant beauty before. 
                         I'm Lord Farquaad.FIONALord Farquaad? Oh, no, no. (Farquaad 
                         snaps his fingers) Forgive me, my lord, 
                         for I was just saying a short... (Watches 
                         as Farquaad is lifted off his horse 
                         and set down in front of her. He comes 
                         to her waist.) farewell.FARQUAADOh, that is so sweet. You don't have 
                         to waste good manners on the ogre. It's 
                         not like it has feelings.FIONANo, you're right. It doesn't.

               Donkey watches this exchange with a curious look on his face.FARQUAADPrincess Fiona, beautiful, fair, flawless 
                         Fiona. I ask your hand in marriage. 
                         Will you be the perfect bride for the 
                         perfect groom?FIONALord Farquaad, I accept. Nothing would 
                         make - -FARQUAAD(interrupting) Excellent! I'll start 
                         the plans, for tomorrow we wed!FIONANo! I mean, uh, why wait? Let's get 
                         married today before the sun sets.FARQUAADOh, anxious, are you? You're right. 
                         The sooner, the better. There's so much 
                         to do! There's the caterer, the cake, 
                         the band, the guest list. Captain, round 
                         up some guests! (a guard puts Fiona 
                         on the back of his horse)FIONAFare-thee-well, ogre.

               Farquaad's whole party begins to head back to DuLoc. Donkey watches 
               them go.DONKEYShrek, what are you doing? You're letting 
                         her get away.SHREKYeah? So what?DONKEYShrek, there's something about her you 
                         don't know. Look, I talked to her last 
                         night, She's - -SHREKI know you talked to her last night. 
                         You're great pals, aren't ya? Now, if 
                         you two are such good friends, why don't 
                         you follow her home?DONKEYShrek, I - - I wanna go with you.SHREKI told you, didn't I? You're not coming 
                         home with me. I live alone! My swamp! 
                         Me! Nobody else! Understand? Nobody! 
                         Especially useless, pathetic, annoying, 
                         talking donkeys!DONKEYBut I thought - -SHREKYeah. You know what? You thought wrong! 
                         (stomps off)DONKEYShrek.

               Montage of different scenes. Shrek arriving back home. Fiona 
               being fitted for the wedding dress. Donkey at a stream running 
               into the dragon. Shrek cleaning up his house. Fiona eating dinner 
               alone. Shrek eating dinner alone.SHREK'S HOMEShrek is eating dinner when he hears a sound outside. He goes 
               outside to investigate.SHREKDonkey? (Donkey ignores him and continues 
                         with what he's doing.) What are you 
                         doing?DONKEYI would think, of all people, you would 
                         recognize a wall when you see one.SHREKWell, yeah. But the wall's supposed 
                         to go around my swamp, not through it.DONKEYIt is around your half. See that's your 
                         half, and this is my half.SHREKOh! Your half. Hmm.DONKEYYes, my half. I helped rescue the princess. 
                         I did half the work. I get half the 
                         booty. Now hand me that big old rock, 
                         the one that looks like your head.SHREKBack off!DONKEYNo, you back off.SHREKThis is my swamp!DONKEYOur swamp.SHREK(grabs the tree branch Donkey is working 
                         with) Let go, Donkey!DONKEYYou let go.SHREKStubborn jackass!DONKEYSmelly ogre.SHREKFine! (drops the tree branch and walks 
                         away)DONKEYHey, hey, come back here. I'm not through 
                         with you yet.SHREKWell, I'm through with you.DONKEYUh-uh. You know, with you it's always, 
                         "Me, me, me!" Well, guess what! Now 
                         it's my turn! So you just shut up and 
                         pay attention! You are mean to me. You 
                         insult me and you don't appreciate anything 
                         that I do! You're always pushing me 
                         around or pushing me away.SHREKOh, yeah? Well, if I treated you so 
                         bad, how come you came back?DONKEYBecause that's what friends do! They 
                         forgive each other!SHREKOh, yeah. You're right, Donkey. I forgive 
                         you... for stabbin' me in the back! 
                         (goes into the outhouse and slams the 
                         door)DONKEYOhh! You're so wrapped up in layers, 
                         onion boy, you're afraid of your own 
                         feelings.SHREK(os) Go away!DONKEYThere you are , doing it again just 
                         like you did to Fiona. All she ever 
                         do was like you, maybe even love you.SHREK(os) Love me? She said I was ugly, a 
                         hideous creature. I heard the two of 
                         you talking.DONKEYShe wasn't talkin' about you. She was 
                         talkin' about, uh, somebody else.SHREK(opens the door and comes out) She wasn't 
                         talking about me? Well, then who was 
                         she talking about?DONKEYUh-uh, no way. I ain't saying anything. 
                         You don't wanna listen to me. Right? 
                         Right?SHREKDonkey!DONKEYNo!SHREKOkay, look. I'm sorry, all right? (sigh) 
                         I'm sorry. I guess I am just a big, 
                         stupid, ugly ogre. Can you forgive me?DONKEYHey, that's what friends are for, right?SHREKRight. Friends?DONKEYFriends.SHREKSo, um, what did Fiona say about me?DONKEYWhat are you asking me for? Why don't 
                         you just go ask her?SHREKThe wedding! We'll never make it in 
                         time.DONKEYHa-ha-ha! Never fear, for where, there's 
                         a will, there's a way and I have a way. 
                         (whistles)Suddenly the dragon arrives overhead and flies low enough so 
               they can climb on.SHREKDonkey?DONKEYI guess it's just my animal magnetism.They both laugh.SHREKAw, come here, you. (gives Donkey a 
                         noogie)DONKEYAll right, all right. Don't get all 
                         slobbery. No one likes a kiss ass. All 
                         right, hop on and hold on tight. I haven't 
                         had a chance to install the seat belts 
                         yet.They climb aboard the dragon and she takes off for DuLoc.DULOC - CHURCHFiona and Farquaad are getting married. The whole town is there. 
               The prompter card guy holds up a card that says 'Revered Silence'.PRIESTPeople of DuLoc, we gather here today 
                         to bear witness to the union....FIONA(eyeing the setting sun) Um-PRIEST...of our new king...FIONAExcuse me. Could we just skip ahead 
                         to the "I do's"?FARQUAAD(chuckles and then motions to the priest 
                         to indulge Fiona) Go on.COURTYARDSome guards are milling around. Suddenly the dragon lands with 
               a boom. The guards all take off running.DONKEY(to Dragon) Go ahead, HAVE SOME FUN. 
                         If we need you, I'll whistle. How about 
                         that? (she nods and goes after the guards) 
                         Shrek, wait, wait! Wait a minute! You 
                         wanna do this right, don't you?SHREK(at the Church door) What are you talking 
                         about?DONKEYThere's a line you gotta wait for. The 
                         preacher's gonna say, "Speak now or 
                         forever hold your peace." That's when 
                         you say, "I object!"SHREKI don't have time for this!DONKEYHey, wait. What are you doing? Listen 
                         to me! Look, you love this woman, don't 
                         you?SHREKYes.DONKEYYou wanna hold her?SHREKYes.DONKEYPlease her?SHREKYes!DONKEY(singing James Brown style) Then you 
                         got to, got to try a little tenderness. 
                         (normal) The chicks love that romantic 
                         crap!SHREKAll right! Cut it out. When does this 
                         guy say the line?DONKEYWe gotta check it out.INSIDE CHURCHAs the priest talks we see Donkey's shadow through one of the 
               windows Shrek tosses him up so he can see.PRIESTAnd so, by the power vested in me...OutsideSHREKWhat do you see?DONKEYThe whole town's in there.

               InsidePRIESTI now pronounce you husband and wife...OutsideDONKEYThey're at the altar.

               InsidePRIEST...king and queen.

               OutsideDONKEYMother Fletcher! He already said it.SHREKOh, for the love of Pete!

               He runs inside without catching Donkey, who hits the ground hard.INSIDE CHURCHSHREK(running toward the alter) I object!FIONAShrek?

               The whole congregation gasps as they see Shrek.FARQUAADOh, now what does he want?SHREK(to congregation as he reaches the front 
                         of the Church) Hi, everyone. Havin' 
                         a good time, are ya? I love DuLoc, first 
                         of all. Very clean.FIONAWhat are you doing here?SHREKReally, it's rude enough being alive 
                         when no one wants you, but showing up 
                         uninvited to a wedding...SHREKFiona! I need to talk to you.FIONAOh, now you wanna talk? It's a little 
                         late for that, so if you'll excuse me- -SHREKBut you can't marry him.FIONAAnd why not?SHREKBecause- - Because he's just marring 
                         you so he can be king.FARQUAADOutrageous! Fiona, don't listen to him.SHREKHe's not your true love.FIONAAnd what do you know about true love?SHREKWell, I - - Uh - - I mean - -FARQUAADOh, this is precious. The ogee has fallen 
                         in love with the princess! Oh, good 
                         Lord. (laughs)The prompter card guy holds up a card that says 'Laugh'. The 
               whole congregation laughs.FARQUAADAn ogre and a princess!FIONAShrek, is this true?FARQUAADWho cares? It's preposterous! Fiona, 
                         my love, we're but a kiss away from 
                         our "happily ever after." Now kiss me! 
                         (puckers his lips and leans toward her, 
                         but she pulls back.)FIONA(looking at the setting sun) "By night 
                         one way, by day another." (to Shrek) 
                         I wanted to show you before.She backs up and as the sun sets she changes into her ogre self. 
               She gives Shrek a sheepish smile.SHREKWell, uh, that explains a lot. (Fiona 
                         smiles)FARQUAADUgh! It's disgusting! Guards! Guards! 
                         I order you to get that out of my sight 
                         now! Get them! Get them both!The guards run in and separate Fiona and Shrek. Shrek fights 
               them.SHREKNo, no!FIONAShrek!FARQUAADThis hocus-pocus alters nothing. This 
                         marriage is binding, and that makes 
                         me king! See? See?FIONANo, let go of me! Shrek!SHREKNo!FARQUAADDon't just stand there, you morons.SHREKGet out of my way! Fiona! Arrgh!FARQUAADI'll make you regret the day we met. 
                         I'll see you drawn and quartered! You'll 
                         beg for death to save you!FIONANo, Shrek!FARQUAAD(hold a dagger to Fiona's throat) And 
                         as for you, my wife...SHREKFiona!FARQUAADI'll have you locked back in that tower 
                         for the rest of your days! I'm king!Shrek manages to get a hand free and he whistles.FARQUAADI will have order! I will have perfection! 
                         I will have - - (Donkey and the dragon 
                         show up and the dragon leans down and 
                         eats Farquaad) Aaaah! Aah!DONKEYAll right. Nobody move. I got a dragon 
                         here, and I'm not afraid to use it. 
                         (The dragon roars.) I'm a donkey on 
                         the edge!The dragon belches and Farquaad's crown flies out of her mouth 
               and falls to the ground.DONKEYCelebrity marriages. They never last, 
                         do they?The congregation cheers.DONKEYGo ahead, Shrek.SHREKUh, Fiona?FIONAYes, Shrek?SHREKI - - I love you.FIONAReally?SHREKReally, really.FIONA(smiles) I love you too.

               Shrek and Fiona kiss. Thelonius takes one of the cards and writes 
               'Awwww' on the back and then shows it to the congregation.CONGREGATIONAawww!

               Suddenly the magic of the spell pulls Fiona away. She's lifted 
               up into the air and she hovers there while the magic works around 
               her.WHISPERS"Until you find true love's first kiss 
                         and then take love's true form. Take 
                         love's true form. Take love's true form."Suddenly Fiona's eyes open wide. She's consumed by the spell 
               and then is slowly lowered to the ground.SHREK(going over to her) Fiona? Fiona. Are 
                         you all right?FIONA(standing up, she's still an ogre) Well, 
                         yes. But I don't understand. I'm supposed 
                         to be beautiful.SHREKBut you ARE beautiful.

               They smile at each other.DONKEY(chuckles) I was hoping this would be 
                         a happy ending.Shrek and Fiona kiss...and the kiss fades into...THE SWAMP...their wedding kiss. Shrek and Fiona are now married. 'I'm 
               a Believer' by Smashmouth is played in the background. Shrek 
               and Fiona break apart and run through the crowd to their awaiting 
               carriage. Which is made of a giant onion. Fiona tosses her bouquet 
               which both Cinderella and Snow White try to catch. But they end 
               up getting into a cat fight and so the dragon catches the bouquet 
               instead. The Gingerbread man has been mended somewhat and now 
               has one leg and walks with a candy cane cane. Shrek and Fiona 
               walk off as the rest of the guests party and Donkey takes over 
               singing the song.GINGERBREAD MANGod bless us, every one.DONKEY(as he's done singing and we fade to 
                         black) Oh, that's funny. Oh. Oh. I can't 
                         breathe. I can't breathe.THE END