MARGOT AT THE WEDDINGWritten by

                            Noah Baumbach1   INT. TRAIN CAR - DAY                                          1A cashier hands a boy, 13, his change across a counter. The
    boy stuffs the coins in his pocket. He lifts the cardboard
    tray with two hot dogs, a bag of chips, and two Cokes. This
    is Claude.

    We follow him: He carefully carries the meal down the aisle,
    balances it in one hand as he opens the door.

    The train noise blares as he traverses the area between cars.

    He enters the new car repeating the balancing act. He waits
    while a man shoves his back-pack onto the metal rack above
    the seats. Claude hurries a bit more now, his concentration
    alternating between the food and the path.

    He sits next to a brunette woman.   He hands her a hot dog.CLAUDEHere.

    He's met by a severe and pinched face. The eyes have black
    circles -- there is a scar above her lip. Claude instantly
    blushes and mumbles:CLAUDESorry.

    He gets up and hurries a few seats further. He slides next
    to a pretty brunette woman, late 30's, with straight shoulder
    length hair. Her name is Margot.MARGOTThat was quick.CLAUDEI sat next to the wrong person.MARGOTReally?   Where?
    She stretches up and peers over the seats.   He grabs her
    shirt.CLAUDEPlease don't look.    She'll see you.MARGOTCareful with my blouse.2.2   CUT TO:                                                       2Margot is sleeping, her head against the window. Claude
    listens to his iPod. He takes out the earphones, gets up,
    and walks to the front of the car. Opens the door and goes
    between cars.

    The train roars and screeches. Claude screams.   He stops,
    looks around. He screams again.3   CUT TO:                                                       3Claude and his mother gaze out the dirt streaked window at a
    river. An old castle-like structure emerges from the water.

    Houses are run-down. In the distance there's a power plant.
    Electrical lines crisscross the sky. Claude puts his finger
    against the glass and traces the wires.CLAUDEWill the wedding be crowded?MARGOTI don't know. I think she doesn't
              know anyone anymore.CLAUDEHow long has she known Malcolm?MARGOTOnly a year.CLAUDEIs that short?MARGOT(pointedly)
              Would you marry someone you'd only
              known a year?CLAUDEI'm not going to ever get married.MARGOTI can't say I have a lot of hope
              for the whole thing.CLAUDEWhy are we going then?MARGOTWe're supporting her.3.CLAUDEI thought she wasn't speaking to
              you.MARGOTNo...no...I wasn't speaking to her,
              but I'm over it.4   EXT. FERRY DOCK - DAY                                           4A ferry is docked. Cars pull up onto the boat. Margot runs,
    clutching a suitcase, holding down a floppy wine colored sun
    hat. Claude hurries alongside her, a bag slung over his
    shoulder.5   EXT. FERRY - DAY                                                5The rumbling and sputtering of the boat.    People get out of
    their cars and stretch their legs.

    Claude leans against the rail and lets the spray hit his
    face. Margot's cell vibrates. The caller ID: HOME. She
    stuffs the phone in her pocket.MARGOTWhy aren't you wearing your new
              shades?CLAUDEI don't think I need them right
              now.MARGOTYou begged for those glasses.CLAUDEI know, but...I will wear them, I
              just feel like people might think
              it's weird that a kid is wearing
              dark shades.MARGOTThat's ridiculous.
    Claude reluctantly takes out a pair of thin wrap-around punk
    sunglasses and puts them on. He looks around self-
    consciously.MARGOTYou look very cool.
    He takes them off.4.CLAUDEI don't need them right now.6   CUT TO:                                                       6Margot and Claude wait.   The ferry has emptied out.CLAUDEDo they know we're here?

    A maroon Volvo station wagon peels around a bend and stops
    across the road. Two eyes peer out from just below the
    backseat window. A man, 40, in dumpy cargo shorts rolls down
    the window. He has a small moustache -- he's harried and
    sweaty. This is Malcolm. He points at Margot and Claude.MALCOLMAre you...?7   INT. VOLVO - DAY                                              7Malcolm drives. He smokes with the window open. Margot is
    in the passenger seat. In the back, Claude and the girl,
    Ingrid, sit shyly, their hair blows turbulently in the wind.
    Ingrid, 11, wears shorts, sandals, and a batik shirt with a
    panda on it.MALCOLMPaul apologizes for not coming,
              she's still getting the house
              ready.MARGOTI'm sorry it was such short notice.MALCOLMI don't care. Paul's frantic, but
              I don't give a shit. Oh, and
              Ingrid wants me to tell you that
              she made us all bracelets.INGRID(embarrassed)
              No, I wanted...I wanted to wait...MALCOLMOh, I thought you asked me to tell
              them. Anyway...

    Malcolm holds up his wrist and shows a knit blue and orange
    bracelet.5.MALCOLMI got Knicks colors.INGRIDThey're not Knicks colors!MARGOTIt's beautiful, Ingrid.INGRID(to Claude)
          I made this one for myself.

She shows him the purple and green one around her wrist.INGRIDYours is yellow. Is that okay?CLAUDEI guess.INGRIDWhere's your dad and Josh?CLAUDEThey might come later.MARGOTJosh's spring break is next week.
          Jim teaches through Friday and then
          they open the house in Vermont on
          the weekend.MALCOLM(bluntly)
          It means a lot to Pauline that
          you're here.

Margot nods awkwardly -- she blushes.MARGOTOh.     Good.
A car suddenly pulls out of a driveway, but nowhere near
their car. Malcolm swerves anyway.MALCOLMHoly Jesus! Watch it, dicksack!
Ingrid giggles.    Margot clutches the handle above the door.6.MALCOLMIf you're wondering about the
              moustache --MARGOTNo, I wasn't.MALCOLMI had a full beard   for a while and
              then when I shaved   it I left this
              part for last, you   know to see how
              it looked, and...    It's meant to be
              funny.

    Margot nods politely.   The sound of tires on gravel:8   EXT. HOUSE - DAY                                                  8The trunk slams shut. The Volvo is parked in a driveway
    alongside a grey Colonial house that sits above the water.
    They lift bags. An old mutt ambles toward them.

    Pauline emerges from the house. She's pretty like her
    sister, late 30's. She walks briskly toward them. Margot
    smiles and opens her arms, but Pauline passes her and dips
    down to embrace Claude. She kisses him on the lips.PAULINEYou're so handsome.

    Now she hugs Margot.    They both tear up.   Claude beams.PAULINEI never thought I'd get you here.

    A loud thud. They all turn toward the property fence. A
    large pile of dead flowers and rotting plants has been dumped
    into their yard. There's whispering and movement through
    brush on the other side. Margot looks at Pauline with
    concern.PAULINEYou're arriving in the midst of a
              drama. Ingrid, make sure Wizard is
              inside.
    Malcolm trudges over to the trash cans.INGRIDIt's the Voglers.7.PAULINEThe neighbors want us to cut down
              our tree.

    She indicates a large oak that extends up and into the
    adjoining property.MARGOTNo, that's our tree!INGRIDThey think it's sick and rotting
              their property.PAULINEWe're having the ceremony under it.MARGOTYou took the swing down.MALCOLMPauline thinks this is their way of
              trying to be friends. I think they
              resent us because we're...

    He searches for the word, but can't come up with anything.
    He says wearily:MALCOLMI don't know what we are.9   INT. CLAUDE'S GUEST ROOM/INGRID'S ROOM - DAY                     9Claude sits on the squeaky bed, a yellow bracelet on his
    wrist. An old flip-clock hums on the night-table. A door
    opens onto a bathroom which has another door open onto
    another bedroom.

    Ingrid sits on her bed observing Claude. She holds a
    realistic-looking stuffed rooster in an old-style tuxedo.INGRIDThis is my room.CLAUDEOkay.INGRIDDo you like showers or baths?CLAUDEShowers.   What about you?8.Ingrid shrugs.   She says, already bored with the topic:INGRIDI don't care.10   INT. STAIRWELL/MARGOT'S GUEST ROOM - DAY                    10Pauline and Margot carry bags up the stairs. Margot now
     wears a knit red bracelet. They're tentative with one
     another.PAULINEIs Malcolm what you thought he'd
               be?MARGOTWell, I didn't know what to --PAULINEThe moustache is temporary. He
               left it for last when he was
               shaving. It's meant to be funny.MARGOTHe told me.PAULINEYeah...

     They enter the guest room. The windows are wide open, the
     curtains blowing, but the room is very neatly made up.PAULINEI'm sorry -- with so little time to
               prepare, we had to put you in
               Malcolm's storage room --MARGOTThis was Becky's room.   Poor Becky.PAULINEYeah, poor Becky. Now it's a
               storage room. I've just started to
               feel like it's our house not my
               parents. You know?MARGOTOur parents.PAULINEOf course. It might still smell
               like paint, but...9.MARGOTI thought he was a musician.

Pauline jimmies down the stiff windows. Margot begins to
unpack and hang up clothes in the closet.PAULINEWell, music's officially a hobby...
           He's painting now. And writing
           letters to newspapers and
           magazines. He's very meticulous,
           he'll spend up to a week writing a
           response to a music review. He's
           incredibly smart. Maybe too smart.
           I don't know. We're doing very
           well.MARGOTGood.    I mean, you must be.

Silence.PAULINEI don't know where to begin. What
           can I tell you? It seems I'm
           pregnant, but it's really early
           so... I haven't told anyone. I
           mean, I haven't told Malcolm or
           Ingrid.MARGOTWow...PAULINEYeah, if it sticks. We'll see. I
           hope so. Things are good. We did
           a couples seminar two months ago or
           so in Maine. They give you
           exercises and things to do. I know
           you're not convinced, but...MARGOT(vaguely)
           Mm hm.PAULINEWe got engaged right afterwards.
           The guy who runs it, Strickland,
           wrote a really interesting book
           about loving which I'll lend you if
           you want.10.MARGOT(non-committal)
          Okay.PAULINEBut only if you'll read it.
          Because I need it back. I made
          notes in the margins.MARGOTI may not get to it for a while.PAULINEWell, I'm not going to lend it to
          you if you're not going to read it.

They meet eyes.   Pauline quickly turns away.PAULINEIt's going to be very informal by
          the way. Just Mom and Becky.
          Malcolm's brother. Few friends.
          And now you and Claude. Nothing
          like the first one.MARGOT(wary)
          Becky's coming?PAULINE/MARGOTShe isn't how you.../I'd really
          like...PAULINEYou go.MARGOTI was going to say, "I'd really
          like some white wine."PAULINEOh. Yeah. We have a...
          Well...I'm glad you changed your
          mind and came. I never heard from
          you after I sent the invite...I
          even wondered if you got it.MARGOT(quickly)
          Well, I'm so pleased we're here.PAULINEDid you get it?11.MARGOTYeah.

     Pauline waits for an explanation.MARGOTI'm sorry you were so angry...PAULINEI wasn't angry. I
               was...disappointed.MARGOTUh huh. But you see when you say,
               "disappointed" it puts me in a
               crummy situation. Like I let you
               down.PAULINEBut you did in a way.MARGOTI don't see it like that.PAULINEFine. I felt betrayed.    Is that
               word okay?MARGOTAgain, you're making me the
               aggressor.PAULINEYou were the aggressor.
                   (pause)
               Let's not... I've become a really
               good cook.11   INT. LIVING ROOM - LATE DAY                                 11Malcolm strums his guitar and smokes. Pauline sits at his
     feet with Ingrid and Claude. The kids look at a record
     sleeve. Margot is curled up on the sofa writing in a little
     brown notebook. She wears oval tortoise-shell glasses.MARGOTI can't believe you've still got
               all of our old records.
     Ingrid pulls an album toward her. Her eyes widen at the
     scary image on the cover. She quickly turns it over and
     hands it to her mother.12.INGRIDMom, can you hide this please.

Pauline puts the record sleeve on top of a shelf.PAULINE(for Margot's benefit)
          Malcolm played with Ric Ocasek
          once?MALCOLMIn the late `80's. It was a solo
          gig after he left the Cars.CLAUDESo, you're kind of famous.

Malcolm reddens.MALCOLMNo. No. Believe me, I'm not. I
          used to want to be, but, No. Do
          you want to be famous?MARGOTClaude wants to be very famous.MALCOLMWell, make sure you can handle
          rejection. I can't. For me,
          expectation just turns to
          disappointment. So, ultimately I'd
          rather not try. It'll all go black
          for us soon enough anyway.PAULINEClaude, ignore him.

Pauline sneaks a look at Margot who is watching Malcolm with
an expression of either contempt or confusion. Pauline grows
uncomfortable. She says to Claude:PAULINEWhen your mother moved to New York
          she used to send me books and
          records. She sent me REM's
          Murmur...MARGOTAnd the Pixies.13.PAULINEAnd X. She was very cool your
          mother.MARGOTYou only liked top forty.PAULINEYeah, but I love REM now.

Margot takes off her reading glasses and rubs her eyes.MARGOTI don't really listen to music
          anymore.PAULINEI was dating that guy, Horace back
          then. Remember him?MARGOTWas that the guy who liked to rough
          you up?PAULINENo, that was our dad.

Pauline and Margot crack up laughing.   Malcolm raises an
eyebrow at Claude.MARGOTOur father used to strip down to
          his skivvies and beat us with a
          belt.MALCOLMThat man had a sexual screw loose.PAULINEIt's awful -- that stuff that
          happens to kids. Malcolm was
          fondled by a male baby-sitter.MALCOLMJust use that information however
          you want...PAULINESorry. We're with family.     I
          figured...
Claude looks at Malcolm.   Malcolm doesn't meet his eyes.14.PAULINEI think Becky got it the worst.MARGOTDid she ever. Raped by the horse
               trainer...

     Margot breaks into laughter. Pauline spits her seltzer back
     into the glass. They both laugh hysterically. Tears stream
     down Margot's face. Claude watches.12   EXT. PATIO - NIGHT                                         12Malcolm, Pauline, Margot, Claude and Ingrid sit with a
     homosexual couple, Alan, 40's, and Toby, 30's, and their son,
     Bruce, 8, at an old wooden table eating crab, salad and soup.
     Part of Alan's face is paralyzed.TOBYAlan rolled over in bed and looked
               at me and he said I can't feel my
               face. It took three doctors before
               we knew it was Bells Palsy.ALANThey say a brush of wind can do it.TOBYFeeling is slowly coming back.MALCOLMWe're all getting older... Which
               is terrible -- I don't care how
               universal it is. I can't remember
               names anymore.MARGOTI have that. I blank out on
               certain words now too. Like the
               other day, I couldn't remember the
               word for...
                   (laughs)
               I've forgotten it again. The stuff
               in wine. Sediment! That was it.MALCOLMI know that. I was talking more
               about not remembering who was the
               bassist for Motley Cr�e.
     Malcolm lights up a cigarette.   He offers one to Claude who
     shakes his head, No.15.PAULINEIngrid, why don't you show Claude
          and Bruce the game trunk.INGRIDOkay.

Claude reluctantly follows Ingrid and Bruce.      He looks back
longingly at the table of adults.MALCOLM(relieved, to himself)
          Mick Mars.MARGOTToby, I think you need to have
          Bruce diagnosed.TOBYMargot, I don't want to have this
          conversation with you.

We follow the kids inside.   We hear in the background:MARGOTIt's vital. If you keep telling
          him he's like everyone else he'll
          wonder why he isn't. He's
          suffering.TOBYHe's tested very well.    He does B's
          in school.

Claude stops -- his mother and Toby are arguing out the
window. Her eyes meet his for a second -- they make no
connection -- she goes back to Toby.MARGOTBut, that's how autism works. One
          part of the brain can work fine
          while the other is damaged.ALANWe had him diagnosed, Margot.
          Nothing was found wrong.MARGOTDid you really, though?TOBYI'm...I'm not going to have this
          conversation. I'm sorry.16.Silence.MARGOTI know it must be so difficult for
                you, but I think you have to --13   INT. KITCHEN - SAME                                          13Pauline unloads the plates onto the kitchen counter.   She
     hesitates and exhales a deep, anxious breath.14   EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT                                           14Margot paces while talking on a cell phone in the herb
     garden. She drinks a white wine with ice cubes and smokes a
     joint. The bottle lies at her feet, three-quarters empty.JIM'S VOICEWhat are you doing?MARGOTI left you a note.JIM'S VOICECome back. Or meet me in Vermont
                on Saturday.MARGOTNo...no. The wedding is on
                Saturday. I'm here for that. I
                can't really pull out. How would
                that look?JIM'S VOICEYou haven't spoken to her in years --MARGOTWell, we're speaking now. She is
                my closest friend despite it all...
                You're the one who's been trying to
                get me to call her.JIM'S VOICEDid you tell Claude what you're
                doing?MARGOT(suddenly laughing)
                Jim, this guy, Malcolm. He's
                exactly what you'd imagine except I
                think he's clinically depressed.(MORE)17.MARGOT (CONT'D)Not ugly, but completely
               unattractive. And he has no job.
               The best I can make out is that
               he's a letter writer. I don't
               know, the house looks weird to
               me...she's trying too hard and it's
               kind of a mess...they took down the
               swing...

     Silence on the other end.MARGOTHello?JIM'S VOICEYou said you weren't a hundred
               percent on this. You said that
               like a week ago. Can I come up
               there?MARGOTNo. I don't want to see you -- I
               feel happier already having done
               it.JIM'S VOICEReally? You feel happier...
                   (silence)
               Please don't tell Claude anything
               please, until we've talked more.MARGOTI need to tell him. And we need to
               tell Josh. Did he do his homework?JIM'S VOICEYes.MARGOTThis is happening and you have to
               get your mind around that.15   INT. CLAUDE'S GUEST ROOM - NIGHT                             15Claude sleeps in bed.    Margot gently touches his face.   She
     whispers:MARGOTAre you asleep?CLAUDE(softly)
               Yes.18.MARGOTWill you remember this?CLAUDEYes.MARGOTI just talked to your dad...

Claude's eyes remained closed, but he smiles.MARGOTI'm only going to tell you if you
          won't remember.CLAUDEOkay.

Margot hesitates.    She changes her mind and says
thoughtfully:MARGOTEveryone finds you so funny and
          charming. I always get compliments
          about you.

Margot stands. She catches herself in a warped mirror and
smears some eye make-up off of her face.MARGOTAre you having fun?    Is it nice to
          see Pauline?CLAUDE(opens his eyes)
          Yeah, I really like her.MARGOTYeah.     She is crazy though.CLAUDEIn what way?MARGOTShe's really berserk. Maybe it's
          hormones. You don't notice
          anything different about Pauline?CLAUDENo.19.MARGOTShe's pregnant -- she told me. But
               she's keeping it a secret -- I mean
               from Malcolm and even Ingrid.
               Which I think is unforgiveable.
               Now she'll have to marry him.
               What's she planning -- to get
               married and not drink champagne?
               Then she'll just be lying. I guess
               she's afraid she'll miscarry. She
               probably will. I think on some
               level she's ambivalent about the
               marriage and that's why she's not
               telling him.CLAUDEAre you stoned, Mom?MARGOTMaybe a little.CLAUDEI don't like it.16   INT. MALCOLM AND PAULINE'S ROOM - NIGHT                     16Water runs from the bathroom. Malcolm cradles a glass of
     whiskey and stands nude in front of a full length mirror.MALCOLM(shakes his head)
               My scrotum is longer than my penis.

     He turns around and looks at his ass. Pauline walks out of
     the bathroom. She wears mens pajamas, the top open.MALCOLMIt's sweet how Claude looks up to
               me.
     He waits for a reaction and gets none.MALCOLMMargot doesn't seem as crazy as you
               made her out to be.PAULINEWhat she did to Toby and Alan
               tonight didn't seem crazy enough
               for you?MALCOLMI guess that seemed pretty crazy.20.PAULINE(immediately defensive)
          Well, she cares deeply.MALCOLMYeah, she's really worried about
          Bruce.PAULINEThis has nothing to do with Bruce.
          She thinks everyone is autistic.

Malcolm is about to speak, but instead he halts, paralyzed.PAULINEWhat?MALCOLMNothing, you keep changing your
          position -- I'm just trying to
          figure out if I should agree with
          you or not?PAULINEWell, can't she be both, care
          deeply and be crazy? Do people
          have to be all one thing?MALCOLMI guess not.PAULINEWell, okay...
              (back into it)
          It is nice she came for the
          wedding. She's so pretty, don't
          you think?MALCOLM(warily)
          She's attractive.PAULINEA little thin maybe...   But it is
          nice she came.MALCOLMLet's fuck.21.17   INT. MARGOT'S GUEST ROOM - SAME                                17Margot lies on her front, her hand underneath her. She tries
     to masturbate. The bed creaks. Finally, she flips over and
     gives up. She wears a rubber night-guard in her mouth.18   EXT. HOUSE - DAY                                               18A croquet game in progress. Pauline and Malcolm play Margot
     and Claude. Ingrid lies in the grass singing to herself.
     The dog next to her. Malcolm concentrates -- he carefully
     lines up his shot. Finally, he swings --

     The ball misses the wicket.    He shakes with frustration.MALCOLMFuck it!

     Claude looks through a slit in the wooden fence and into the
     neighbor's yard: A naked man, 40's, crouches. Arms extend
     from below and pull him downward. His ass pokes up over the
     weeds.MARGOTHoney, you're up.

     Claude shakes out of his reverie. He walks briskly up to his
     ball and smacks it. It bullets forward and lands just short
     of Pauline's ball.MARGOTClaude, don't just whack it.    Think
               about it before you hit.CLAUDESorry.

     Pauline knocks her ball into Claude's. She holds her ball
     down with her foot and prepares to swing.MALCOLMPaul, what are you doing?PAULINEI'm sending Claude's ball into the
               bushes.MALCOLMTake the extra hit.PAULINEI don't want to do that.22.MALCOLMIt's the smarter play.

She whacks -- Claude's ball travels about two feet.PAULINEShit.MALCOLMPauline! See, I knew you
          couldn't... Your feet are too
          small!

Margot steps up to take her turn.   She regards the house.MARGOTYou took the awnings down.

Claude looks back into the adjacent yard: Flashes of skin. A
breast. Pubic hair. Claude crouches to see more clearly --
the bodies disappear from sight.

Malcolm draws a deep breath and takes a few practice strokes.
He swings -- his ball rockets past Margot's, rolls up over a
ridge and onto the cement drive. It quickly sails down into
the road and bounces into a ditch.

Malcolm shakes furiously. He lifts his mallet, turns toward
the house, rethinks momentarily, and hurls it up over the
incline and down to the water. Pauline puts her hands on her
hips.PAULINEWell done.MALCOLMFuck you.

Malcolm hesitates then tramps down the stairs to the beach.
Claude watches the pink of flesh moving up and down.MARGOTHoney, you're up.
He approaches his ball and smacks it toward the double
wickets.MARGOTYou're going the wrong way.CLAUDEOh.23.He blushes and laughs.    Pauline laughs.   Margot shakes her
     head.MARGOTSo stupid.CLAUDEMom, I'm sorry. Jesus.

     Margot places her mallet down and starts toward the house.CLAUDEWe're in the middle of it.MARGOTThis is why I hate games.    I hate
               what it does to me.

     Pauline cackles loudly. Margot turns around and stares at
     her. Malcolm calls from the stairs:MALCOLM (O.S.)Wait, we're not finished!19   EXT. PATIO - DAY                                                19The five eat a salad nicoise lunch.MARGOTMalcolm, do you notice how Pauline
               sometimes can't make eye-contact.
               How her gaze hovers just above your
               head.MALCOLMYeah, I kind of know what you mean.MARGOTI always think I have something in
               my hair. It's not necessarily bad,
               Paul. It's just something you do.

     Pauline looks mildly horrified.   She suddenly turns to
     Claude.PAULINEClaude have you ever seen your
               mother climb a tree?CLAUDENo.24.MARGOTWe don't have much opportunity in
               Manhattan.PAULINEAs kids Margot climbed everything.
               She could even climb that tree.

     She points at the tall oak that stretches over the fence into
     the neighbor's property.CLAUDECan you do it, mom?MARGOTMaybe later.CLAUDENo, now.INGRIDDo it now, Margot!PAULINEShow him, Margot.20   CUT TO:                                                       20Margot strides toward the tree.   The group follows behind.

     She grabs hold of a branch and lifts herself.

     Claude grins, impressed.

     With brisk dexterity, Margot scales the tree.

     Claude, Pauline, Malcolm and Ingrid watch with glee from
     below.PAULINEI told you.
     Margot reaches a perch near the top and looks down at the
     gang. They wave. She waves back.
     The sun is hot. She sweats, flushed. She takes a deep
     breath and relaxes against the bark. Trees for miles. The
     neighbors' house is faded and grey. In the far distance,
     toxic white smoke comes out into the sky.

     An earwig walks across her arm. She flicks it off, slips for
     a moment and catches herself. Her breathing grows more
     rapid.25.A bug buzzes around her head.   She swats at it.

     Her family has stopped watching. Claude and Malcolm throw a
     baseball. Pauline's gone back inside. Ingrid clears the
     table.MARGOT(under her breath)
               Shit.

     She wipes her face, her shirt is almost entirely soaked.    The
     buzzing continues.

     Close on Margot's ear. A small black gnat lands on the lip
     of the lobe. It hesitates and darts inside the hole.

     Margot gasps.   She jams her pinky in her ear.

     Pauline comes back out with an ice tea.CLAUDEWhat's she doing now?PAULINE(dryly)
               She's stuck.21   CUT TO:                                                      21A young volunteer fireman climbs a long ladder up the side of
     the tree and toward Margot. He reaches out his hand to her.MARGOT(annoyed)
               I got it.

     She slowly lowers herself.22   INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY                                       22Pauline is laughing, recounting the story. Claude and Ingrid
     laugh too. Margot shakes her head, embarrassed and furious.CLAUDEYou were great on the way up.MARGOTDon't patronize me, Claude.
     Margot turns her head to the side and pats on the top of it.PAULINEWe're all laughing, Margot.26.MARGOTYou're laughing in a kind way.
                Claude is taking too much pleasure
                out of it.CLAUDEI am not.MARGOTYou are. You like to make fun of
                me. To see me get embarrassed.
                It's mean.

     Silence.   Margot puts her pinky back in her ear.   She frowns.PAULINEWhat are you doing?MARGOTI've got a fucking bug in my ear,
                okay?23   EXT. FOREST - DAY                                           23Pauline and Margot hike along a dirt trail. Claude and
     Ingrid idle behind, carrying walking sticks.PAULINEI thought Claude could hand out
                programs. Ingrid's going to sing.
                Do you want to read a poem or
                something?MARGOTYou know I can't speak in front of
                people. I'm doing this
                "conversation" at the bookstore in
                town on Friday and I totally regret
                having said I'd do it.PAULINEYou're doing a "conversation?"MARGOTYeah, talking about my work in
                front of a crowd. I didn't invite
                you because...I thought it'd be
                boring.PAULINEUh huh.27.MARGOTWhat?    Say it.PAULINEIt's nothing. It's just...I would
          come...I want to come. I get a
          kick out of it. It's just weird,
          you know... So, you're not here
          for...
               (she stops herself)
          Okay, I get it. When did they ask
          you?MARGOTA while ago. I'd said, No, but
          then when I was coming here anyway
          and...I guess it helps sales
          and...so...so.PAULINEI see.

We catch a quick glimpse of people walking ahead in the path.PAULINEDid I tell you, Becky got her tubes
          tied.MARGOTWhy? Is she seeing someone?   She's
          still obese, I assume.PAULINEI think it's symbolic.MARGOTI bet mom paid for it.   We should
          audit mom.PAULINEI considered it in my twenties.
          You know, when I was fucking
          everyone. You remember.MARGOTI did my share.PAULINEBut not like me.MARGOTYou want to count?28.PAULINENo, Margot, I don't want to count.
              (pause)
          What was it about Dad that had us
          fucking so many guys?MARGOTI think it was the only time we
          could really feel unselfconscious
          and get out of our heads.PAULINE(dismissive)
          I don't think that's it. I just
          think it was something we were good
          at.

Behind, Ingrid smacks her walking stick into Claude's.INGRIDYour mom thinks Bruce is gay.CLAUDENo, she said she had Aspergers.INGRIDI thought that's what that means.CLAUDENo, it's like lesser retarded.INGRIDI have adult ADD.CLAUDEYou mean child ADD.INGRIDNo, for some reason I have the
          adult one. Maybe I'm retarded.
Up ahead -- in the path -- is a couple, 40's, with a six year
old girl. The back of the man's pants are smeared with dirt
and the woman is packed into acid washed jeans. The little
girl whines and lags behind.
Margot and Pauline slow down.   Claude and Ingrid catch up.MANCome on!LITTLE GIRLI don't want to!29.MANCome on!LITTLE GIRLI don't want --

The woman grabs the girl harshly by the arm and pulls her.
The girl screams.MARGOTHey!

The man and woman turn around sharply.MARGOTBe careful!WOMANWhat?MARGOTBe careful the way you pull on that
          child's arm. You'll take it out of
          its socket.MANDon't tell us how to treat our
          child.MARGOTI don't care how you treat your
          child as long as you don't hurt
          him.PAULINE(under her breath)
          It's a girl.WOMANShe threw a rock at me.MARGOTShe's a little girl!WOMANShe knew what she was doing.
She starts suddenly toward Margot.WOMANThere is no hitting in our family.
          Do you understand?30.Margot backs up quickly.    The woman stops about ten feet
     away.WOMANStay out of it, bitch.

     The woman turns back around. She lifts the girl into her
     arms and they trudge over the incline and out of sight.INGRIDThat was the Voglers.PAULINEJesus, Margot, what are you doing.
               They already hate us.MARGOT(wiping her eyes)
               Don't tell me what I can and can't
               do. That's child abuse.CLAUDEMom, she was psychotic.MARGOTStop picking on me.    Everyone.24   CUT TO:                                                         24The four of them emerge into a clearing.     Nobody speaks.    A
     child's pink sneaker lies in the path.MARGOTOh God.

     Pauline walks over to it.    She crouches.PAULINEIt could be anyone's.
     Margot bursts into tears.    Pauline hesitates then holds her.INGRIDWhat are they going to do to us?PAULINEThey're not going to do anything,
               honey.25   EXT. FRONT PORCH - DAY                                          25Malcolm looks at Pauline. He's in the midst of writing a
     letter on a legal pad. Pauline is worked up.31.PAULINEWe have to cut down that tree.MALCOLMWhere are we going to get married
          then?PAULINEI don't...we'll do it in the
          fucking drive-way if we have to.

Claude and Ingrid listen from just inside the house.   Ingrid
looks at Claude nervously.INGRIDYour mom started a war. We have to
          make sure we wear shoes because
          they might start throwing glass.CLAUDEHas that happened before?INGRIDI can't remember. I think so. No,
          it definitely has. Now I remember.

Behind them, Margot, made-up and wearing a dress, clomps down
the stairs, across the carpet and onto the porch.PAULINEWhere are you going?MARGOT(tersely)
          To town. I'll be back for dinner.PAULINECome on, nobody blames you, Margot.

An old orange BMW idles at the end of the driveway. Pauline,
Malcolm, Claude and Ingrid watch Margot cross the drive-way.
A man, 50's, opens the passenger door. He smokes a brown
cigarette. Margot gets in. The man waves at the group on
the patio. Pauline, Malcolm and Ingrid and Claude wave back.CLAUDEIs that Dick Koosman?PAULINEYeah.   He has a house up here.32.CLAUDEWhat's he doing with mom?PAULINEGood question.26   EXT. HOUSE - DAY                                              26Ingrid sits at the roots of the tree, squeezing honey out of
     a honey bear onto her hand -- she watches the ants come.
     Claude sits on a low branch and looks over the fence:INGRIDHow much do your parents make in a
               year?CLAUDEI think about a hundred.    They bank
               at Chase.

     The front door of the Vogler's opens and a boy, 14, pees from
     the entrance-way into the plants in the yard.INGRIDAre they rich?CLAUDENo.   They're middle class.

     The boy finishes and violently hurls a toy car at the fence.BOYJust let me live!

     The toy lands a few feet short.   He goes inside and closes
     the door.INGRIDUpper or lower?CLAUDEI think just middle.
     Claude watches: Malcolm scurries around the side of the
     Vogler house holding a dead mole by its tail. He stumbles,
     recovers and flings the animal at the front door.   He races
     back toward his property.27   EXT. PORCH - EVENING                                          27Margot and Malcolm have cocktails. Pauline drinks a bottled
     water. Ingrid has cray pas, markers and paper and draws at a
     table. She draws a mole.33.Claude draws a boy with a big claw for a hand and CLAWED
under it. Wizard, the dog, lies at his feet.MARGOTDick and his daughter asked us over
          to swim tomorrow.PAULINEWe didn't invite them to the
          wedding.MARGOTYou're not really friends.PAULINEWe're friends enough that's it's
          awkward. Maisy baby-sits for us
          all the time.MARGOTHe's doing the interview with me in
          town on Friday. Did I tell you, he
          and I are collaborating on a
          screenplay, an adaptation of one of
          Dick's novels.PAULINENo, I didn't even know you knew he
          was up here.

Malcolm takes one of Ingrid's markers and doodles.MALCOLMIs he even a good writer?    Why do
          people care about him?PAULINEYou're competitive with everyone.
          It doesn't matter if they even do
          the same thing as you.
              (to Claude)
          He's competitive with Bono.MALCOLMIt's true. I don't subscribe to
          the credo that there's enough room
          for everyone to be successful. I
          think there are only a few spots
          available and people like Dick
          Koosman and Bono are taking them
          up.

Pauline looks at Malcolm's drawing.    It's a graphic image of
a man fucking a woman in the ass.34.PAULINEMalcolm, what would ever make you
               think that's something to draw
               right now?

     Claude and Ingrid stare at it.    Malcolm balls it up.MALCOLMSorry, I wasn't thinking about it.
               Sorry, Margot.28   INT. VOLVO - DAY                                               28The car pulls into a driveway.    A modern house.   Dick and
     Maisy come out to greet them.DICKYou found it!

     Margot, the kids and Pauline get out. We stay in the car
     with Malcolm. Pauline comes to his window.PAULINEWhat's up?MALCOLMI don't want to do this...PAULINECome on, don't be that way.

     Maisy sits on the hood of the car and Ingrid introduces her
     to Claude. Dick approaches Margot -- she turns back to
     Pauline.MALCOLMI'm not being that way -- I just
               don't feel like it. I'm going to
               go back and... I have work to do.PAULINEDick doesn't care that you don't
               make any money.MALCOLMIs that why you think... That's
               not why I'm...I just hate swimming.
               I really hate it. It's disgusting
               to me. My mistake was saying I'd
               do it to begin with. You have fun.PAULINEFine, we'll have fun.35.Malcolm's gaze goes to Maisy's breasts.    Margot watches him
     watch her.MALCOLMPeople always pee in the pool.PAULINEI don't think Dick and Maisy pee in
               their pool.MALCOLMI'll bet you 500 dollars there's
               pee in that pool.29   EXT. DICK'S POOL - DAY                                       29Pauline and Margot float beneath Claude who stands above
     them.PAULINETo the end and back.   Claude, you
               say Go.CLAUDEOkay.

     Margot knocks on the side of her head with her hand.CLAUDEGo!

     Pauline flings herself in and is off. Margot hesitates then
     follows. Maisy and Dick watch from the chairs. Ingrid
     floats on a raft and cheers. Claude runs along the pool-
     side.DICKHow's your dad?CLAUDEGood.DICKHe and I shared a thesis advisor at
               Stanford. Did you know that?CLAUDENo.
     Pauline hits the far wall with her palm and flips around.
     Margot stops short and follows her sister. They're neck and
     neck. Their arms cut in and out of the water.36.DICKI was dating your mom back then,
           did you know that?CLAUDENo.

Pauline lands -- touches the wall first.    Margot a close
second.CLAUDEPauline wins!

Pauline beams. Margot immediately drifts to the ladder.
She's panting heavily.CLAUDEMom cheated. You didn't touch the
           wall!MARGOTI did so. It doesn't matter.     I
           lost anyway.PAULINEIt was close.

Pauline floats on her back, exhausted.

Ingrid swims beneath Claude -- long strands of hair stream up
from beneath the surface.

Margot gets out of the water and Dick wraps her in a towel.
For a moment it's an embrace. Margot looks quickly over at
Claude --

His foot slips.

He topples in.
Water roars around him.

He opens his mouth.   Bubbles spurt out.
He drifts down.
Lying next to the drain is a field mouse.       Its eyes are
white.

Splash.   Hands wrap around him.
He goes up.37.The sounds of wind and blurry voices now clearer.

     Pauline brings Claude to the surface and pushes him to the
     ladder. She helps him climb out. Ingrid and Maisy are
     grinning. Their expressions slowly shift as they see
     Claude's face.

     Claude is sobbing.PAULINEIt's okay.

     Margot immediately wrenches Claude from Pauline's grasp.    She
     looks shocked and angry.MARGOTI got him.

     She leads her son behind the bushes out of everyone's sight.MARGOTIt's okay, my baby.

     She gently lets him down. His sneakers squeak and slosh.
     Claude, soaking wet and ashamed, looks at his mother. She
     breaks into laughter. Claude wipes the water and tears from
     his eyes.CLAUDEI'm sorry I laughed about the tree.MARGOTNow we're even.30   INT. PAULINE AND MALCOLM'S DEN - DAY                         30Margot, reclining on the couch, drinks a white wine with ice
     cubes. Pauline passes the doorway and stops. She holds tear-
     sheets of flowers and wedding decorations from various
     magazines.PAULINEHere you are.MARGOTYou've got a problem.PAULINEWhat do you mean?MARGOTI don't like the girl and I don't
               like the way Malcolm looks at her.38.PAULINEOh, come on, it's sexy.MARGOTYou didn't see it. I saw it.
          You've got a problem.PAULINEI'm not worried.
              (pause)
          We could teach Claude how to swim.MARGOTHe won't want to do it.   It's too
          late.

Pauline waits for more -- nothing comes. She takes a couple
steps into the room. She holds out her hand for the glass.
Margot passes it to her. Pauline sips.MARGOTAre you supposed to be doing that?PAULINENo.

She hands it back.PAULINEI liked your last story in, was it
          Harpers? The one about mom. I was
          very...I liked it very much.MARGOTIt wasn't really about mom.PAULINEI thought it was. Anyway. Why
          don't you want Claude to know how
          to swim?MARGOTI didn't say I didn't want him to.
          Why do you care? It's not in his
          life -- we're New Yorkers. If he
          wants to learn when he's older, he
          can. I'm curious why you're so
          interested in the whole thing.PAULINEI'm not. I'm just... As a safety
          thing and...I'm... Forget it.
              (pause)(MORE)39.PAULINE (CONT'D)It's interesting -- this is the
               first time Dick has invited us
               over.MARGOTBut are you really friends?PAULINEKind of. We're neighbors. We
               employ Maisy. I mean I don't care,
               I just think it's interesting.
                   (pause)
               Are you excited about the talk? I
               thought I'd come if that's okay.
               My friend, Agnes, asked me, "What's
               it like to have a celebrity as a
               sister?" I said, I've got no
               problem with celebrity. Alice
               Munro taught at Bennington and was
               kind of a friend of mine.MARGOTI'm not a celebrity.PAULINEWell, you're well known.MARGOTTo a very few people.PAULINEJust accept the compliment.MARGOTI guess I didn't realize it was a
               compliment.31   EXT. FOREST - LATE DAY                                     31Margot walks the path alone. She hugs herself as a light
     breeze kicks up. Her footsteps echo in the trees.
     The little pink sneaker still lies in the dirt.
     She crouches down and takes it.32   CUT TO:                                                    32CLOSE: A note is being written.

     "...and if you are acting with any sort of abuse toward your
     child I will call the police."40.The word "any" is then underlined twice.   The page is torn
     from her little brown book.33   EXT. VOGLER HOUSE - EVENING                                   33Margot's fist is raised about to knock on the front door.
     She stops herself. She puts the note on the Welcome mat and
     holds it in place with the child's shoe. She wanders around
     to the back of the house. She looks into a lighted window:

     It's a white tiled bathroom.

     A wet brown animal body covered in clear plastic is balanced
     on the sink. Mr. Vogler tears into the plastic. The carcass
     is butterflied open exposing the innards and ribs.

     Mrs. Vogler runs the tub. She pours salt from a box in the
     water. The man slides his hand in her waist-band. She rubs
     against him.

     Margot chews her cuticle.

     The man saws the legs. His arm jerks back and forth,
     straining to cut through the bone. Sweat pours down his
     temples.

     Margot raises her hand to her face and presses against the
     window. She peers through her fingers. The blade pierces
     the bone with a violent release and the hoof falls to the
     floor.

     Margot moves to another window.   The pig's face now looks at
     her.

     Blood drips and leaks into the crevices of the tile. The
     woman brandishes a syringe filled with an orange liquid.

     Suddenly a face appears in the glass. Margot leaps back.
     It's a thin boy. He says something. The family turns to the
     window. The father flicks off the bathroom light.
     From inside Margot illuminates like an apparition.
     Margot scampers into the trees.   She pushes through branches,
     her shirt tears. She runs.34   INT. CLAUDE'S GUEST ROOM - EVENING                            34Claude sits on the bed. The record sleeve from Blondie's
     "Parallel Lines" rests in his lap. He reads the lyrics to
     the song, "Sunday Girl." He depresses the red record button
     on an old portable tape recorder. He sings a cappella and
     full voice, passionately, as sweetly as he can.41.Maisy appears in the doorway and watches.   Claude turns mid-
     lyric. He jumps, startled.MAISYSinging?

     Fumbling, Claude shuts off the tape recorder.CLAUDEHm?     A bit.

     She drifts into the room and hovers closely above Claude who
     remains on the bed.

     Margot passes by in the hallway, disheveled from her escape.
     She watches: Maisy takes the lyric sleeve from Claude's
     hands. Her T-shirt hangs above her waist showing her smooth
     stomach.MAISYCan I make a suggestion?CLAUDEUh huh.MAISYYou should get underarm deodorant.CLAUDEUh huh.MAISYYou kind of smell.

     Claude blushes.MAISYBetter I tell you than someone
               else.35   INT. MARGOT'S BATHROOM - EVENING                           35Margot puts on mascara and watches Claude, who stands behind
     her, in the mirror.MARGOTI think you smell nice.    You smell
               real.CLAUDEI stink.42.MARGOTIt causes cancer.CLAUDEUnderarm deodorant?MARGOTYes. It's got chemicals and things
that are extremely harmful.CLAUDEI'm not going to die from underarm
cancer.MARGOTNo, you'll get it somewhere else.
Like your stomach or your
testicles.CLAUDE(laughs)
Testicles.MARGOTDon't laugh, that's a serious
thing.
Who told you this, anyway? Maisy?CLAUDEYeah.MARGOTI hope you're not interested in
that girl. I find her
insufferable.CLAUDEWhat does that mean?MARGOTIt means I can't suffer her. She's
loud and stupid. She goes on about
things of which she knows nothing
about.CLAUDEShe got into Harvard early.MARGOTStupid people get into Harvard
early all the time.43.CLAUDEWhere did you go again?MARGOTBarnard.
                   (pause)
               I just don't think you should do
               anything with her.CLAUDE(embarrassed)
               We're just friends.MARGOTIf you do, use a condom.

     Claude looks into the toilet. A square of toilet paper with
     a red lip outline floats on top of the water.CLAUDEWhere are you going?MARGOTOut with Paul and Malcolm and Dick.CLAUDEAre kids coming?36   INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT                                  36Claude's POV through the window: Dick and Margot in the back
     seat of the Volvo. Malcolm and Pauline the front. The
     ignition turns.

     Claude leaves the window. We hear the car rumble away.
     Claude and Ingrid sit on the couch, hamburgers in front of
     them. Maisy is cross-legged on Wizard's dog bed and chews a
     stalk of celery.INGRIDWho do we know who's gay?MAISYHow do I know what gay people you
               know.CLAUDEAlan and Toby.INGRIDAnd Bruce.     He's gay and Aspergers.44.CLAUDEI don't know if Bruce is gay.INGRIDHe might be, it's very common.CLAUDEYour mom is pregnant.INGRIDNo she isn't.CLAUDEShe is.

Ingrid looks stricken.MAISYHow do you know that, Claude?CLAUDEShe told my mom. But you can tell -
          - she's hormonally weird.MAISYHoly shit, Ingrid you're going to
          have a baby sister or brother.INGRID(quietly)
          My mom thinks your mom is
          unreliable.CLAUDEWho cares.

But he does. Claude bites into his burger. His eyes fix on
the crease between Maisy's breasts. Maisy says to Claude:MAISYDo you think your mom is fuckable?CLAUDEI don't know.MAISYI think she's hot, your mother.
          I'd do her if I was gay. I might
          anyway. I mean if she came on to
          me.CLAUDEShe won't.45.INGRIDI'm not going to do anyone.

     There's a scraping sound on the window.   The kids turn
     quickly:CLAUDEWhat was that?INGRIDIs it scary?37   EXT. FIELD - NIGHT                                          37The three kids lie in the grass and watch through the slats
     in the fence: The Vogler family eats at an outdoor table. A
     pig turns on a spit over a smoky barbecue. Mrs. Vogler says
     something and the kids and Mr. Vogler laugh.

     Maisy climbs over Claude to see better. He feels her breasts
     press against his back. Suddenly he swats crazily at his
     ear. Ingrid is poking him with a blade of grass.38   INT. VOLVO - NIGHT                                          38Malcolm drives quickly with Pauline next to him. He's
     smoking with the window open, Dick and Margot in the
     backseat.PAULINEMargot used to never speak. I
               remember when we went on a double
               date in high school, that kid Ron
               asked you if English was your first
               language.MARGOTIt's true. I used to think I might
               have some kind of brain defect.PAULINEYou thought you were aphasic.MARGOTI'm still not sure.PAULINEOh, Jesus, Margot.MARGOTIt's very possible, Paul.46.PAULINEI just...your diagnoses sometimes
          irk the hell out of me.

Malcolm lights another cigarette -- the car jerks sideways.MARGOTMalcolm, can you slow down.MALCOLMWhat?DICKI can drive if you like.MALCOLMNo, you got dinner, the driving's
          on me.DICKWell, I'll let you pay your half if
          you'll slow down.MALCOLMWell, neither Pauline or I ordered
          dessert.PAULINEMalcolm, let it go.
              (taunting)
          Margot would insist on driving if
          she knew how.MARGOT(to Dick)
          My license elapsed.   But I know
          how.MALCOLMIt's probably for the best. I have
          this theory, I think, historically,
          women have been held back in so
          many ways that when they get power,
          like they do behind the wheel, they
          can't help but abuse it. It's akin
          to Hannah Arendt's Eichmann theory
          about prison guards and prisoners
          switching rolls.DICKThat's a charming philosophy.47.MARGOTYeah.   Tell that one a lot.MALCOLMThis isn't a blanket thing. I
          mean, women can be great drivers
          too...

He takes a long satisfied drag on his cigarette.PAULINESaid the man with the moustache
          that he thinks he's wearing in
          quotes.MARGOTIt's meant to be funny.MALCOLM(to Pauline, re: Margot)
          Are you doing this for her benefit
          or mine?

Malcolm pumps the brake.MALCOLMWhat the fuck?PAULINEWhat?MALCOLM(momentarily sober)
          No, there they go. Okay. It's
          fine. I thought I had no brakes
          for a minute...

Malcolm pitches his cigarette out the window -- it flies
through Margot's window and lands on her lap.MARGOTMalcolm!
Dick grabs the lit butt and chucks it in the road.MALCOLM(turning around)
          What?!

The car swerves again -- everyone jumps.MARGOTWatch it!48.MALCOLMIt's fine, Margot!PAULINE(to Malcolm)
               You're just so incompetent.MALCOLM(exploding)
               Why don't you fucking drive
               yourselves home!

     Malcolm screeches the vehicle over to the shoulder.   They
     jolt to a stop.PAULINE(quietly furious)
               Oh, God.

     Pauline opens the door and staggers toward the brush. She
     leans against a tree and looks like she might vomit. Malcolm
     watches in the rearview mirror.MARGOTYou should go after her.

     Malcolm sighs heavily and gets out of the car. Margot and
     Dick watch out the back window. Pauline sees Malcolm coming
     and bolts into the woods. Malcolm charges after her.DICKCome back with me tonight.MARGOTI've got Claude.DICKCome on, I've been trying to get
               you up here all year.MARGOT(vaguely)
               She's pregnant.
     Dick leans over to Margot's neck.    He licks her.39   INT. INGRID'S ROOM - NIGHT                                   39Claude lies in bed with Ingrid. He chews off a piece of his
     pinky fingernail. He hesitates and places it on an end-
     table.49.INGRIDWhy are you putting that there?CLAUDEI just want to keep it.INGRIDI left a piece of skin in a movie
          theater once so it could watch
          movies all its life.CLAUDEI don't know if it's the same
          thing.INGRIDAre you obsessed with Maisy?CLAUDENo.INGRIDYou're always staring at her tits.

Ingrid traces Claude's upper lip with her finger.INGRIDYou have a moustache.CLAUDEMy mom bleaches it.INGRIDI'm going to kiss your cheek and
          then you kiss mine.CLAUDEI don't want to do that.INGRIDWhy not?CLAUDEBecause it's pointless...
Claude hears footsteps creak downstairs. He goes to the door
and peers out: Pauline and Malcolm, a little disheveled and
dirty, climb the stairs. Neither speaks. Malcolm goes into
the hall bathroom. Pauline into their room. Running water
groans through the old pipes.50.INGRIDWhere are you going? I thought we
               were having a conversation.CLAUDEYou're starting to annoy me.40   INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS                                    40Claude walks -- he passes an open door: Malcolm is shaving
     his moustache -- the electric razor whirring.41   INT. MARGOT'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS                              41Claude enters.   It's empty. Her brown notebook rests on the
     bedside table.   He hesitates then opens it:

     It's packed with writing -- a nearly indecipherable cursive
     in black ink. The name Claude can be made out on the page.

     Claude takes the book and climbs up into bed. He nestles
     against the pillow and squints to read the writing.MARGOT (O.S.)What are you doing?

     Claude startles.   Margot stands in the doorway with a glass
     of water.CLAUDEI didn't think you came home.MARGOTWhere would I be?CLAUDECan't Josh and Dad come to the
               wedding?MARGOTWe've been through this.    Go to
               bed.
     Claude slides down to the floor.    He hesitates.CLAUDECan I sleep in here?MARGOTNo, honey.CLAUDEWe can put a pillow between us.51.MARGOTOkay.   Just for tonight.

     Claude takes a long pillow and places it like a barrier in
     the bed. We stay on him as he waits. Finally Margot climbs
     into the covers in a nightgown.MARGOTWhen you were a baby I wouldn't let
               anyone else hold you. I think that
               may have been a mistake.42   EXT. HOUSE - MORNING                                       42Malcolm, his moustache gone, a cigarette dangling from his
     mouth, hammers in a stake at the base of a collapsed, white
     tent. A workman holds a pole steadily.

     Pauline sets up chairs around a series of tables. Ingrid
     idles a few feet away. They're in the midst of talking:INGRIDWhy was it a secret?PAULINEBecause I didn't want to get you
               excited before it was real. It's
               not really a baby yet. In two more
               weeks we can celebrate together,
               okay?INGRIDWhy did you tell Margot?PAULINEBecause she's my sister and I trust
               her. How do you feel about it?INGRIDI don't want a sister.
     Pauline touches Ingrid's hair gently.INGRIDI'm going to go get Wizard.
     She runs toward the house.   Pauline marches toward Malcolm.PAULINEMargot told Claude something I
               expressly told her in confidence.
               And he told Ingrid.(MORE)52.PAULINE (CONT'D)I'm stunned that she put me in this
          position. It's so fucking
          infuriating.MALCOLMWell it's that thing where--PAULINEDon't say anything. You know
          what...just be there for me.
          Silently.MALCOLMOkay.PAULINEWhy do I have to be so careful
          around her, but everyone is allowed
          to make fun of me?MALCOLMI don't know if --PAULINEMalcolm, what did I just say?
              (sighs)
          You know, I just want you to take
          my side, I don't need you to make
          it better.

Malcolm puts his hand awkwardly on her shoulder.PAULINEIngrid's really upset about it.
          Fuck. I can't believe she did this
          to me!
              (pause)
          I didn't tell you because... I
          didn't want you to feel like you
          had to marry me. I found out right
          before our seminar... I'm
          pregnant.MALCOLMUh huh.PAULINEWell...does that sound good to you?MALCOLMI'm still digesting Margot telling
          Claude. What a fucking nut job.
              (quickly)
          Sorry. I think I'm really happy.53.Ingrid is watching from across the field.PAULINECome here, honey!

     Ingrid hurries through the sparkly, dewy grass.   Pauline hugs
     her and they spin.43   CUT TO:                                                     43Margot watches from the upstairs window. The mother and
     daughter walk arm in arm down what will be the aisle.
     Finally, Margot turns away -- she's in Pauline and Malcolm's
     room.

     She opens drawers: Underwear, socks, bras. Topless photos
     of Pauline posing in the bedroom. A photograph of Margot and
     Pauline in their teens on Halloween dressed as Pat Benatar
     and Patty Smyth respectively.

     Margot grins.

     Another photo of Margot, Pauline and an obese woman -- Becky -
     - in their 20's.

     Margot's expression saddens. She opens another drawer.
     Polaroids of Pauline and Malcolm in different sexual poses.

     She flips through these and drops them on the bureau.

     Amidst the underwear and socks she finds pill containers.
     She squints to read the labels. She opens one and shakes out
     a few blue pills into her palm. She swallows one and puts
     the rest in her pocket.

     More drawers open: Self-help books, incense, pamphlets on
     Buddhism. A stack of pornographic DVD's.CLAUDE (O.S.)Hey.
     Margot starts and shoves the drawer shut.MARGOTHey. I'm just looking at Pauline's
               incense and self-help books. I
               don't understand it. This junk
               makes her look stupid and she's
               not. I don't like to think of her
               this way.CLAUDEUh huh.54.MARGOTShe's such a hypocrite. Somehow
               I'm a kook for going to therapy,
               but she's got enough drugs here to
               medicate a...
                   (settles on a word)
               ...an elephant. And she's always
               with these losers.CLAUDEMalcolm's not a loser.MARGOTClaude...think about it.CLAUDEHe's cool.MARGOTWhat makes you think he's cool?
                   (softens)
               I'm more talking about her
               investment in things like the Forum
               and ashrams.CLAUDEWhat's the Forum?MARGOTLike a cult.CLAUDEShe was in a cult?MARGOTYears ago. She and Lenny also
               followed some guru who was a
               follower of the Mukdananda who made
               her drink his bath water. Who
               knows what she's doing now.INGRID (O.S.)Margot!   Claude!44   EXT. FIELD - DAY                                          44Claude hacks his way through the tall weeds.CLAUDEWizard!
     We move past him, obscured by grass, Pauline and Ingrid yell:55.PAULINE/INGRIDWizard!    Wiz!

Margot enters the frame.   The kids walk ahead.MARGOTWizard!    Here, boy!

She stands a few feet away from Pauline.   The kids can be
heard shouting in the distance.MARGOTHow long has he been gone?PAULINEI don't know. Ingrid brought him
          in last night, but we couldn't find
          him this morning.MARGOTOh boy.PAULINEDid you tell Claude I'm pregnant?MARGOTI don't know.PAULINEYou did.MARGOTI guess I said something.PAULINEYou did. You don't have to tell
          him everything.MARGOTHe wants to know. If I don't tell
          him, he figures it out.INGRID (O.S.)Where is Wizard?
Ingrid approaches with Claude.PAULINEI don't know, honey.
Ingrid sinks into her mother's body.   Claude and Margot walk
ahead.56.CLAUDEYou didn't let him go out into the
               road or something where something
               could've happened to him?MARGOTWhy would you think I'd do
               something like that? That's awful.CLAUDEI just...    I'm just making sure.MARGOTThat's a terrible thing to say to
               me.CLAUDEI didn't mean on purpose, I just
               meant maybe in case...you knew
               something. I'm sorry.45   INT. KITCHEN - DAY                                         45Margot enters and opens the refrigerator. She gets out a
     white wine bottle. She turns around and jumps, startled.MARGOTWoa!

     Malcolm sits at the table, eating saltines out of the box, a
     pad and paper in front of him.MALCOLMHey, sorry. I'm here.MARGOTNo, I...    I should've looked.MALCOLMI'm just writing my vows. Trying
               to do something appropriate but
               also funny -- not jokey, more
               character based humor.
     Margot pours herself a glass of wine. She looks to Malcolm
     to see if he wants some. He shakes his head. She takes a
     long drink. Silence.MALCOLMYou having an okay time?MARGOTOh, yeah.    Besides Wizard getting --57.MALCOLMYeah, we'll...we'll find him...or
           else, I don't know...MARGOTWe won't.MALCOLMRight, or else he's dead or
           something.
               (pause)
           It means a lot to Paul that you
           came.MARGOTYeah.

Silence.   Malcolm mumbles a tune.MARGOTOh God, this is the same toaster we
           had here as kids. Paul is so
           weird.MALCOLMI hear you've heard the news.MARGOTYeah.   Congratulations.MALCOLMPretty cool. Hard to fully take
           in. It's a little abstract still.
           I haven't had that thing yet where
           you realize that you're not the
           most important person in the world.
           I'm anxious for that to happen. I
           guess I have to thank you -- I
           wouldn't know yet if you hadn't
           arrived.MARGOTYou're welcome.MALCOLMOf course I can't help but worry
           I'll pass some not so great genes
           onto the kid. I mean, in my family
           there's a lot of hand washing, you
           know. I don't have it, but my
           brother does.
               (pause)
           You working on anything now?58.MARGOTBesides the thing with Dick?MALCOLMOh, right.

He nods.   She nods.    Silence.MARGOTHow about you?MALCOLMOh, I'm working on some acrylic
           paint --MARGOTNobody fills the ice cube trays.

Malcolm stops, immediately embarrassed. Margot is looking in
the freezer. She takes out the trays and brings them to the
sink. She runs the water.MARGOTSorry, what were you --MALCOLMNothing.    It doesn't matter.MARGOTNo, what were you saying?MALCOLMIt really... Nothing.MARGOTOkay.

She treads back to the refrigerator, balancing the full
trays.MALCOLMI was saying I'm doing these
           abstractions in acrylic paint. But
           it's not... I'm not getting paid
           or anything. I don't know, I hate
           that question, "What do you do?"MARGOTYou asked me.MALCOLMI know, but...59.Malcolm exhales in frustration.46   EXT. FIELD - DAY                                          46Pauline and Malcolm open the gate to the Vogler's property.MALCOLMI think we shouldn't mention the
               tree, we should let them know that
               there will be people and music on
               Saturday and it will be louder than
               usual.PAULINEAnd that they can come for a glass
               of champagne. But you tell them.
               I think they respond to you better.

     They approach the Vogler's sun-worn and paint chipped house.MALCOLMWell, I am ultimately one of them.
               You shouldn't've made me shave the
               stache.PAULINE(laughs)
               Yeah, right.MALCOLMOh, hey, Ingrid is asking me if I
               was ever gay. Do you know what
               that's about?PAULINENo.

     Mr. Vogler, wearing a fleece vest and carrying a hatchet over
     his shoulders, tramples out of the brush.PAULINEHi.
     Vogler stops.   His face is jagged and worn.PAULINEHi, I'm Pauline. This is Malcolm.
               We've met before. We're your
               neighbors.
     The man watches them strangely with icy blue eyes.60.VOGLERYou gonna cut that tree down?PAULINEWell, we grew up with that tree and
          we're getting married under it
          Saturday and --

She waits for Malcolm to jump in.    He doesn't.   Vogler says
softly, but sternly:VOGLERThe roots are growing into our
          property. It's rotting, it's
          killing our plants.PAULINEWe had a tree doctor out and he
          said it was healthy.

Pauline smacks Malcolm's arm.PAULINEWould it hurt you to say anything?MALCOLMWhat?   What do you want from me?PAULINEYou're making me do the whole
          fucking thing.MALCOLMYou brought up the tree.PAULINEHe brought up --

She stops herself.   She says to Vogler:PAULINEI'm sorry... This was better
          thought-through back at the house.
Pauline's gaze goes above Vogler's head -- like Margot
described earlier. He runs his hand through his hair as if
something might be caught in there.PAULINEWe were wondering if you and your
          wife -- I'm sorry I forgot her name
          -- would like to come over for...61.VOGLERYou should ask her. She makes the
          plans. I'm going to go in now.

He tramps inside.   The screen door bangs.MALCOLMI felt like you didn't give me a
          chance to say what I wanted to say.

Pauline hits him in the chest and starts to walk away.
Malcolm comes after her, his rage growing.MALCOLMI want to punch that guy in the
          nose!PAULINEYou've never hit anyone.MALCOLMI have too!PAULINEWho?MALCOLMLots of -- You don't know them.
          They're not around because I've
          punched them.

A smile breaks across Pauline's face.   Malcolm seethes.MALCOLMDon't laugh, Pauline. It's not
          funny. I'll fucking punch your
          sister.

Malcolm clenches his fists.    He points at Vogler's place.MALCOLMThe threat is not out there. It's
          in our house. It's sleeping in my
          studio. I mean, I wouldn't
          actually hit her, but I feel...I
          feel like doing it. She's such a
          fucking idiot.PAULINEShe's not an idiot.    You might not
          like her --62.MALCOLMShe is. She is an idiot!    You're
          an idiot.PAULINEJesus.MALCOLMYou're both fucking morons. I'm so
          fucking... I'm trying so hard.
          You don't give me any credit.PAULINEWhat is wrong?MALCOLMI don't know, I have the emotional
          version of whatever bad feng shui
          would be. I don't know. You tell
          me, you understand this shit.PAULINEDid you drink your teas?MALCOLMYeah, I drank my fucking teas!
          Don't judge me now. Really, I
          think when you look back at this
          you're going to see I'm not acting
          like a crazy person. That this is
          the right reaction. In proportion
          with what is going on. This is
          right!

Malcolm looks around furiously. The only thing available to
him is a leafy stalk. He pulls on it, but it won't uproot.
He tears the leaves off in a rage.PAULINEYou have the most oddly self-
          conscious form of rage I've ever --MALCOLMI hate you.
Exhausted he approaches her.   He says, still with anger:MALCOLMLet's make love.63.47   CUT TO:                                                     47Pauline walks back to the house, buttoning her dress. She
     looks up suddenly and stops: A man watches her from the lawn.
     He holds a bouquet of flowers. Pauline runs to him.PAULINEJim...

     They embrace.    Her hand cups the back of his neck.CLAUDE (O.S.)Dad!

     Claude runs from the house.48   EXT. PATIO - LATE DAY                                       48Pauline, Malcolm, Margot, Jim, Claude and Ingrid eat fish
     stew and peasant bread. Jim's flowers sit in a vase. He
     wears a tan knit bracelet that Ingrid made.JIMIt was a difficult    decision because
               Claude has so many    friends at
               school now, but it    is expensive and
               Bronx Science is a    great public
               school.CLAUDEI didn't get into Stuyvesant.MARGOTHe's not a good test taker.MALCOLMI went to Stuy.MARGOT(caught off-guard)
               Really?MALCOLMReally.CLAUDEI'd rather stay at Packer, but it's
               so expensive.

     Malcolm lifts up a bottle of Jameson from the floor near his
     chair and pours himself another stiff drink.64.JIMJosh is a great test taker, but
          Claude thinks more abstractly.
          He's more creative. Right?CLAUDEI guess so.

Jim smiles warmly at his son.JIMI saw the one armed man who really
          has two arms at the bodega.CLAUDEDid you give him confusing change?JIMI did. I tripped him up with some
          nickels. And a Canadian quarter.MALCOLMYou know what I tried the other
          day? Sitting down to pee. Have
          you done this, Jim?JIMNo...no.MALCOLMI did it as a lark. As a joke
          really. I was going to call
          Pauline in and say, guess what I'm
          doing here...PAULINEI'm sorry I didn't get to have that
          experience.MALCOLMI was thinking, you know, my dad
          used to say, "Why stand when you
          can sit." And this is a really
          good example of that. I mean, it
          took me so long to try because I
          was embarrassed.
              (to the sisters)
          You guys do it all the time.MARGOTI never sit down in a public place.
          I squat and hover.65.Ingrid goes wide eyed for a moment.MALCOLMAnyway, I recommend it.     At least
          to try it.PAULINEJim, I'm sorry about the room.
          It's usually Malcolm's storage room
          so it's kind of make-shift right
          now.JIMIt's fine.

Margot stares at Jim.JIMMargot, open your gift.

An unopened present in blue tissue paper sits beside Margot's
plate.MARGOTI get self-conscious opening
          presents in front of people.    This
          weekend is about Pauline.PAULINEOh...poo.     Open it Margot.

Margot slowly unties the white ribbon and peels away the
tape. Pauline groans:PAULINECome on, get to it.

Margot takes out a pair of furry slippers.MALCOLMThose look warm.JIMI remember last year in Vermont you
          said your feet were freezing.
Her eyes find Claude who watches his parents carefully. She
leans across the table to Jim and they kiss chastely and
briskly on the lips.MARGOTThank you.66.49   INT. JIM'S CAR - NIGHT                                      49Jim drives with Margot in the passenger seat.MARGOTI already have slippers.JIMWell, that's okay.   Two sets are
               fine, right?MARGOTIt makes me sad to get a present
               that I already have.JIMWhy?MARGOTIt makes me feel like you don't
               know me.

     She jams her pinky into her ear trying to get at the bug.JIMWhat's wrong with your ear?MARGOTI asked you not to come. I was so
               clear and you did it anyway so
               blithely.JIMWe need time alone to sort this
               out. You can't just run away --MARGOTOkay, so we're here.   I'm giving
               you this time.JIM(trying a joke)
               Well, now you're putting too much
               pressure on me.
     Jim smiles crookedly at her. She half-smiles back.   He takes
     a moment, preparing to speak. Then:JIMWhat is that?
     His headlights catch a woman cowering at the roadside. They
     pass.67.MARGOTKeep driving.

     Jim slowly pulls over to the shoulder.MARGOTNo...no...no. Jim, no.JIMLet me just...

     Jim gets out of the car.     A sobbing woman crouches, cradling
     a bloody dog.WOMANPlease help me.

     Jim comes toward her.WOMANPlease help me. He got hit by a
               car. Please help me.

     Margot opens her door and steps out.MARGOT(warily)
               Jim...

     Jim kneels down by the whining pit bull.    The woman screams:WOMANHelp me!MARGOTCareful, he might bite you!

     Jim suddenly lifts up the twitching animal.50   INT. RENTAL CAR - NIGHT                                      50Jim drives, his front covered in blood. Margot is shot-gun.
     The lady rides in back with the panting pit in her lap.WOMANHurry...he's dying.     He's dying.
     Margot puts her hands over her ears.    Jim speeds up.WOMANHe didn't do anything. Roger is an
               innocent. He's an innocent
               creature.68.MARGOTOh, God.JIMMargot.MARGOT(whispering)
               I can't stand her.51   EXT. VETERINARY HOSPITAL - NIGHT                             51Jim comes outside tucking his wallet in his back pocket.
     Margot sits on the car hood smoking a joint.MARGOTYou paid, didn't you?JIMShe didn't have her purse with her.
               It wasn't so expensive. Roger's
               going to live.MARGOTI don't give a fuck about Roger.
               And...that makes me feel like shit.
               You make me feel like shit. I
               wouldn't have stopped.JIMOf course you would've.MARGOTNo, I wouldn't've. I would have
               kept driving. I hate myself when
               I'm with you.JIM(frustrated)
               Margot, I'm not... I can't talk to
               you when you're this fucked up.MARGOTYou're just like Claude in that
               way...you make me feel guilty.
               Sometimes I find you so despicable.
     Margot stubs out the joint on the car roof. Jim suddenly
     removes his sweater and puts it around her shoulders. He
     fishes into his pants pocket for his keys. Tears start down
     Margot's cheeks.69.JIMWhat's wrong?MARGOTI don't know.
                   (pause)
               Before you gave me your sweater I
               think I didn't realize I was cold.

     Margot leans in to him, her forehead presses against his
     cheek. After a moment, he puts his arms around her.MARGOT(quietly)
               Take me home and go away.52   INT./EXT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT                                52Margot smokes by the open door. She drinks a glass of white
     wine. Pauline eats from a left-over Chinese container.MARGOTIf it were someone else I'd
               understand it, I'd feel sympathy
               even. But since it's me, I just
               feel bad. And horribly critical.
               I haven't been able to tell Claude
               what's happening. And I have to.
               I'm going to.
                   (frustrated)
               How can I be all these people? How
               can I be married to Jim. And fuck
               Dick. And want them both and then
               neither of them...PAULINEI know. We're at the age where
               we're becoming invisible to men and
               if a guy wants to fuck us, it's
               very tempting.MARGOTWhat are you saying?PAULINEI'm saying, if you get your sense
               of self from being fuckable and
               that starts to wane -- it's very
               hard. I almost had an affair too.
               But you know, you don't have to do
               it. You can, I don't know, get a
               manicure or something.70.Margot grows furious.   She turns to hide her face.PAULINEYou know I tell people you're my
          closest friend. I really miss you.MARGOT(barely)
          Me too.PAULINEBut I can't help feeling that you
          really came to my wedding because I
          live a mile away from the guy
          you're fucking.MARGOTCome on, Pauline. You make it
          sound like I'm using you.PAULINEYeah.

There is a long silence between them. Finally, Pauline
indicates to Margot that she has something in her nostril.PAULINEYou have a...

Margot clears her nose quickly with her finger.MARGOTDid I get it?PAULINEYeah, I think so.MARGOT(suddenly)
          Paul, what are you doing getting
          married to this guy? He's not good
          enough for you. He's so coarse,
          he's like guys we rejected when we
          were sixteen. You know...don't
          make a mistake like this.
              (pause)
          I'm sorry, maybe I have no right to
          say that, but you know I'm truthful
          so... Would you rather I lie?PAULINEWho should I be with then?71.A smashing sound. Margot steps outside: Two hooded figures
     turn over a recycling can, glass smashes on the ground.
     Garbage is strewn across the driveway.MARGOT (O.S.)Hey! Hey, you! You pick that up.
               I will call the police. This is
               our property. Pick that up.

     Pauline remains seated at the table, stunned.    Margot comes
     back inside.MARGOTCreeps.53   EXT. DRIVEWAY - MORNING                                     53Malcolm crams the trash back in the cans. He sees something
     amidst the milk cartons and corn husks. He reaches down and
     lifts up a severed pig's hoof.54   EXT. FIELD - MORNING                                        54Claude and Ingrid idle in the tall grass calling to Wizard.CLAUDEDogs usually come back, I think.INGRIDWhat happened to your dad?CLAUDEHe went to Vermont.INGRIDHe didn't want to come to the
               wedding?CLAUDEI don't think he could...    I think
               he couldn't.
                   (pause)
               You want to see me dance?INGRIDOkay.
     Claude dances. The gangly weeds blow around him. There's a
     rustling in the brush. A patch of fur catches Ingrid's eye.INGRID(under her breath)
               Wizard...72.The animal is gone.

A figure appears in the distance behind Claude. The boy, the
Vogler's son, approaches shirtless in swimming trunks.
Ingrid's attention goes to him.CLAUDEYou're not watching.

The boy comes into focus. He holds a dead squirrel by its
tail. Ingrid backs up next to Claude. The boy stops a few
feet away and hurls the squirrel at them. The kids jump back
as it lands at their feet.BOYWhere are you going?CLAUDE(stopping)
          We have to get home.BOYIs that your girlfriend?CLAUDENo, she's my cousin.BOYYou a fruity?CLAUDEUm...no.BOY(to Ingrid)
          You a fruity?INGRID(with certainty)
          No.BOYWe will hurt you.
Claude takes Ingrid's arm and they start to walk away.INGRIDHe's a Vogler.CLAUDEHe's just a stupid boy.73.Claude sneaks a look over his shoulder -- the boy follows.
     Claude's gait quickens.INGRIDHold it, I have a rock in my
               sandal.CLAUDECome on, Ingrid.

     Ingrid slows, lifts her leg and removes a sandal. The boy is
     behind them. Claude yanks Ingrid's arm and she topples over.INGRIDOww!

     Claude leans down to help her. The boy leaps on Claude.
     They both crash to the ground and roll through the grass.CLAUDEGet him off me. Ingrid!

     Ingrid hesitates then runs toward the house.

     Claude wrestles with the boy. The boy growls. He grabs hold
     of Claude's arms and sinks his teeth into Claude's shoulder.CLAUDEAyy!     Help me!

     Claude kicks and yanks himself free.     He runs wildly.

     Close on Claude.    Tears stream down.   He coughs and spits.55   INT. HOUSE - SAME                                               55Claude bursts through the front door. Ingrid sees Claude and
     runs to the kitchen. Margot, in a suit, goes over notes.MARGOTWoa, don't run so fast.CLAUDEThere's a boy! He bit me!MARGOT(alarmed)
               Who bit you?CLAUDEA boy.    A Vogler!   Where's Ingrid?74.MARGOTLet me see.

     He tilts his head, she leans down and looks at his neck.
     There are red and purple bite marks.MARGOT(rising)
               I'm calling the police.

     Claude grabs her arm.CLAUDENo, don't! It'll get worse. Why
               did you say anything to them?MARGOTClaude, this isn't my fault.CLAUDEThat boy bit me because you
               couldn't keep your fat mouth shut.MARGOTClaude, you're being a jerk.CLAUDEYou shit in your shoes and then you
               fuck them!

     Margot smacks Claude in the face.   Ingrid stares wide eyed.56   INT. BOOKSTORE - DAY                                         56A placard reads: A Conversation with Margot Zeller and Dick
     Koosman. People mull about with drinks. Pauline and Claude
     admire the display of Margot's books.PAULINEYou really want to know? I'll tell
               you. She wrote a story about Lenny
               and me.
                   (flips through pages)
               Yeah, it's in here. I mean we were
               talking almost every day at this
               point and there was no warning.
               Maybe a couple of remarks that
               she'd used some things of ours...
               Then The New Yorker comes -- we
               have a subscription -- and there's
               the story and... It's things we
               said and did -- stuff I told her in
               confidence.(MORE)75.PAULINE (CONT'D)I think it helped end our marriage.
               I read it and thought, "She hates
               me."CLAUDEShe doesn't hate you.

     Pauline stares at a blown up author photo of her sister.PAULINEYou think? Margot tried to murder
               me when we were girls. She put me
               on a baking sheet, sprinkled me
               with paprika and put me in the
               oven.57   CUT TO:                                                      57The crowd files in.   Margot and Dick stand in a corner.MARGOTJim was here.

     Dick flips through some notes.DICKIs Jim still writing?MARGOT(nods)
               I told him to go to Vermont without
               me.DICKI'd love to see him tell a linear
               story for a change. Jim never
               wanted to make it easy for the
               reader, did he. The nicest man
               I've ever met, but he can't play
               the game.MARGOTI'm not joining him. I'm going to
               stay here and then...we'll see.
               Right. Okay?DICKI didn't ask you to do that.
                   (pause)
               The guy's pointing at us...76.58   CUT TO:                                                     58Margot and Dick sit on stools holding microphones in front of
     rows of fold-out chairs. Only a few empty seats remain.
     Pauline and Claude sit in the back.DICKI'm very interested in your story
               "Middle Children."

     Some people applaud, but it trickles off before it gets
     started.DICKThe father is a loathsome character
               yet we also feel a strange sympathy
               for him.MARGOTYeah, well I was very interested in
               exploring a father-daughter
               relationship. While he clings
               desperately to her, suffocates her
               really, he also silently resents
               the responsibility of parenthood.DICKThere's this sexualized push-pull
               with Daphne which I find --MARGOTHe craves isolation really. I
               always thought of him as someone
               who so over identifies with
               everyone around him that he begins
               to lose all sense of himself.DICKYou make his only recourse to
               abandon his family, including his
               beloved daughter.MARGOTRight, that's true.   That's true.DICKI write historical fiction so I
               don't have to answer to this, but I
               wonder for someone who writes so
               nakedly about family, how
               autobiographical is this portrait?

     Margot rests her lips on the tip of the microphone.77.MARGOTMy father was a loving person. He
          had his days, of course, but...he
          was devoted to us as children. I
          wouldn't have written this portrait
          were it true.

Pauline nods slightly.DICKBut I'm interested in how the
          father could be in fact a portrait
          of you.
Margot stares, dumbstruck.MARGOTUmm...I don't... Why do you assume
          it's based on... We all take from
          life. I had to have our
          refrigerator repaired the other day
          at our apartment in Manhattan. I
          was alone with a guy, I think he
          was Puerto Rican, sent over
          by...Whirlpool, I think it is who
          made our fridge. Although he said
          he worked for an independent
          organization who Whirlpool
          subcontracts. I think he was
          retarded. There was an anger in
          him and suddenly I became afraid
          for my life. I called Jim at NYU.
          I asked him to come home.

Margot stops.   Her face is awash in sweat.

Pauline takes Claude's hand and presses it to her chest.    His
eyes widen, fixed on his mother.MARGOTIt might be Frigidaire... I'm
          sorry... I don't... I'm not sure
          what I'm... I think I need to take
          a moment...

She stands and walks off the stage. She realizes she still
has the mike. She goes back and places it on her seat.MARGOT(almost incoherently)
          You're an asshole...78.59   INT. BOOKSTORE BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER                      59Margot grabs a pill from her pocket, puts it on her tongue
     and drinks from the faucet. There is a knocking. Margot
     opens the door. Claude looks up at her. Pauline and Dick
     wait in the background.MARGOTI need to be alone right now, okay?CLAUDEWhat's wrong?MARGOTI don't know. I'll tell you
               sometime. Go on.CLAUDEAre you sure?MARGOTYes. Go with mom.    I'll see you
               later.CLAUDEYou said, mom.MARGOT(snapping)
               But you know what I mean. Go with
               Pauline. Jesus, do I...do I need
               to spell it out for you?
                   (she points)
               Go. With. Her.60   INT. CHURCH - DAY                                            60A simple, spare space, empty except for Pauline and Claude.PAULINEAre you okay?CLAUDEI'm okay.PAULINEYou're your mom's favorite.     Do you
               know that?CLAUDEI don't think she has a favorite.79.PAULINEShe's always liked you best.   More
          than Jim even.CLAUDEBut they're married.   It's
          different.PAULINEBut she still loves you best. It's
          hard, I think, to find people in
          the world you love more than your
          family.CLAUDEI like Malcolm.PAULINEYeah? Good. I don't know. I do
          too.
               (pause)
          I can teach you to swim if you
          like.CLAUDENo, thanks.

Claude looks at the floor. His sneaker rests next to her
open toed sandals. She taps his foot with hers.PAULINEHas your mother talked to you yet?CLAUDEI don't think so.   About what?PAULINEAre you okay? It's hard to see
          your mom like that -- get attacked
          like that. Right? It was mean
          what he did. I think it was really
          shitty.CLAUDEMm hm.PAULINEYou know, I think your mom's going
          through a rough time right now
          and...whatever she tells you...like
          if she says she's leaving your
          father...remember that she often
          changes her mind and...(MORE)80.PAULINE (CONT'D)I don't want you to worry about
               anything right now.

     Claude says nothing.61   EXT. HOUSE - LATE DAY                                     61Pauline's Volvo rolls into the drive. She and Claude get out
     of the front seats. Margot climbs out of the back holding a
     big cake box. No one speaks.

     Malcolm, in a fleece vest and safety goggles, drags a
     chainsaw toward the oak tree. Ingrid runs to her mom.INGRIDHe's cutting it down.PAULINEGood.

     Pauline passes Maisy reading on the patio.MAISYMy dad's late to pick me up.    I
               hope I'm not a pain.PAULINEYou're not a pain.

     Margot sits on the back stairs drinking a glass of wine with
     ice. The tent is up. The tables and chairs are placed
     around the lawn. She watches Malcolm prepare to take the
     tree down. She puts her pinky in her ear and twists. Claude
     approaches.MARGOTI told Paul I didn't want you guys
               to come.CLAUDEI thought it was interesting.MARGOTWhat did Paul say?CLAUDEI think she liked it.MARGOTYeah, right. Did you talk about me
               afterwards?CLAUDENo.81.MARGOTI can tell you're lying.CLAUDEWe didn't, mom.MARGOTI don't trust her.CLAUDEShe really loves you.   She does.

Margot tosses the remainder of her drink into the weeds.MARGOTPauline told me she's very
          disappointed in you.CLAUDEWhy?MARGOTShe thinks you laze about the
          house. Ingrid is always offering
          to help clean or cook. She made
          bracelets for all the guests. Even
          Malcolm puts up the tent. You just
          wait until everyone else does it
          for you.CLAUDEThat's not true.MARGOTIt is true. You're never helpful.
          I wish I had taught you better
          manners.CLAUDEI can try to make popovers.   If I
          can remember how.MARGOTDon't bother.
She looks at him with grave disappointment.CLAUDEWhy are you looking at me like
          that?82.MARGOTI just see how much you've changed.
               Your body language. You used to be
               rounder and more graceful. You're
               so stiff now. So blase.CLAUDEWhat do you mean?MARGOT(retreating)
               I can't explain it.

     Margot shakes her head.   She's suddenly distraught.MARGOTIt's okay though.CLAUDEUh huh.

     Claude looks devastated. He starts toward the beach.
     Margot's eyes well up -- she says, trying to make things
     better:MARGOTYou're still handsome.62   EXT. HOUSE - SAME                                             62Pauline marches toward Malcolm.    Malcolm wears the safety
     goggles and revs the chainsaw.PAULINEAre you able to do this yourself?MALCOLMPauline, do you want me to cut it
               down or not?PAULINEWatch the tent.
     The jagged blades pierce the trunk.   Pauline crunches her
     face. Malcolm stops suddenly.
     He walks around the tree and inspects the bark.MALCOLM(indicating his fleece)
               I liked how it looked on Vogler.
     Pauline starts to say something -- stops.    Then:83.PAULINEI think it's over between Dick and
          Margot. He was so cruel to her
          today. And poor Claude had to
          watch it all. She should just get
          out of the marriage and then she
          can fuck whoever she wants, you
          know. It's cowardly. And Dick
          Koosman. What a choice. I
          mean...you know?MALCOLMI agree. I hate the idea of Dick
          fucking Margot.PAULINEWhat does that mean?   You want to
          fuck Margot?MALCOLMPauline, that's not what I said.PAULINEI know you have a crush on her, you
          already told me that.

Malcolm reddens and starts the chainsaw again.   They yell
over the noise:MALCOLMI didn't say that. I said I
          thought she was attractive after
          you grilled me. She has no
          interest in me anyway. Not that it
          would matter if she did.PAULINEHave you ever done anything like
          that.MALCOLMWhat do you mean?PAULINEHave you ever cheated on me?MALCOLMNo!
Malcolm shuts the motor.MALCOLMCan I do this?84.PAULINEThose emails you had with that
student of mine.MALCOLM(exhales)
Uh huh.PAULINEDid that...I know you said it was
nothing.MALCOLMIt was.PAULINEI just...     Can you say it again?MALCOLMI just did. Now, can I cut down
the tree?PAULINEYou never did anything with her?MALCOLMNo. She emailed me after we met at
that reading at the college and...
You know we were friends.PAULINERight, just a regular friendship
between you and a twenty year old
girl.MALCOLMPauline, how many times do I have
to say it.PAULINEBut...why don't I believe it?MALCOLMBecause Margot can't understand why
you're with me and now when she's
around you look for things.PAULINE(hesitates)
You promise.MALCOLMI promise.85.Pauline looks at him long and hard.   Malcolm takes off his
goggles.PAULINEOkay.    I'm sorry.MALCOLMIt's okay.

Malcolm and Pauline continue to stare at one another. He
guns the chainsaw. Tears spill suddenly from his eyes.
Pauline startles. He flicks the switch off.MALCOLMI'm going to tell you something.PAULINE(suddenly terrified)
          What?MALCOLMI don't want to lose you, though.
          Okay?

Pauline's face goes pale.MALCOLMI'm going to tell you...    Just let
          me... Maisy...

Pauline teeters.PAULINEI don't want to know.MALCOLM...we didn't really do anything.
          We were goofing around, I was
          making fun of her cause she dates a
          jock...PAULINEI don't want to know.MALCOLMI shouldn't've put myself in that
          position, I know that. We brushed
          lips really. It was barely a kiss.
          And then we stopped. That was it.
His nose runs.    He wipes it messily with his arm.86.MALCOLMOur tongues touched. I don't want
               to under-sell it either. I mean...
               We made out. I made out with her.
               I don't know why. I don't even
               like her. It's been a heady time.
                   (Pauline says nothing)
               What are you thinking? Please,
               tell me what you're thinking.

     Pauline rushes at the tree -- she smacks her hands on the
     trunk and throws all her weight behind one great shove. It
     doesn't budge. In frustration and rage, she runs.63   CUT TO:                                                      63Ingrid is the only one on the patio as Pauline approaches.INGRIDHas anyone seen Wizard?PAULINENo.   Where's Maisy?INGRIDUpstairs, I think with Claude.64   INT. PAULINE'S BEDROOM/HALLWAY - DAY                         64Pauline enters in a daze.   A toilet flushes.    Maisy comes out
     of Pauline's bathroom.MAISYOh, hi. Sorry, I had to go. I
               hope that's okay I used yours.

     Pauline nods strangely. She goes to the window. Her dove
     grey wedding dress hangs on the back of the door.MAISYI love your wedding dress.   It's so
               unconventional and great.
     Pauline nods. Her eye catches the Polaroids of her and
     Malcolm nude which lie on top of the bureau. Maisy looks at
     the pictures too.
     Maisy shifts uneasily and leaves the room. Pauline follows.
     Maisy walks down the hallway, aware that Pauline is right
     behind her.MAISYIs everything okay?87.PAULINE(pause)
               Nothing.

     Maisy stops at the landing. Claude sits at the bottom of the
     staircase playing with a string.MAISYClaude, do you want to play
               croquet?CLAUDEOkay.

     Pauline raises her leg -- her foot hovers at Maisy's lower
     back. She hesitates. Claude reacts with horror. Maisy
     turns around to see Pauline with her foot in the air like
     she's doing karate. Pauline's eyes dart around aimlessly.

     Maisy stares, confused. Pauline slowly lowers her leg.
     Something dawns on Maisy. She races down the stairs.65   EXT. HOUSE - DAY                                             65The deafening shriek of the blade as it cuts into the tree.
     Malcolm is soaked in sweat. Ingrid watches from a few feet
     away.

     In the distance -- Dick's orange BMW grinds into the
     driveway. Maisy hurries toward him.

     Ingrid says, buried in the noise:INGRIDThere's Dick.

     Malcolm sees Dick.   He pushes the blade harder into the wood.INGRIDIs it almost ready?MALCOLM(distracted)
               Almost.
     Maisy is talking to her father. Dick spots Malcolm. He
     immediately starts toward him. Malcolm hesitates. Cold fear
     creeps up his neck.

     Dick speeds up.
     Malcolm backs up slowly -- drops the chainsaw -- and bolts
     toward the water. Ingrid watches, confused.88.Dick takes off after him. Malcolm stumbles down the long
wooden stairs to the beach.

Malcolm runs wobbily -- he pants, already out of breath.
Sweat pours down his face and body.

Dick's gait is swift -- his arms stiff, bent at the elbow.
His jeans make a swish swish. He takes the stairs two at a
time.

Malcolm grasps the railing, moving as fast as he can
sideways, trying not to fall. He reaches the beach, his feet
sinking in the sand. He trips and topples forward.

He looks up -- Dick lunges.

Dick pounds Malcolm's head and face.     Malcolm throws his arms
up and tries to block the punches.MALCOLMI didn't do anything!    I didn't do
          anything!DICKFucking sleazebag!

Dick gets up.   He kicks Malcolm hard.DICKI don't ever want to see you again.

Malcolm balls himself up against a rock.    He cries:MALCOLMFuck off, dickhead.

Dick marches forward and kicks Malcolm again hard.MALCOLMOw!
Dick lights a brown cigarette and walks away.    Malcolm
screams:MALCOLMFucking dickbag! She's lying!
He touches his face and sees the blood on his fingers.MALCOLM(choking on tears)
          Oh, man.89.There's a rustling noise in the wind. Malcolm looks -- a mud-
     and sea-coated Wizard watches him with a panting smile.66   CUT TO:                                                     66Wheels sputter in the gravel. Dick's car peels out with
     Maisy in the passenger seat. Claude and Margot watch from
     the porch.67   INT. LIVING ROOM/DINING ROOM - SAME                         67Pauline is seated at the table with place cards, flowers,
     silverware, napkins, dishes. Margot enters. Claude follows.MARGOTCome with me to New York.PAULINEI can't talk about it --MARGOTOkay, but you can't marry him. You
               have to go now. We can think about
               what to do with the baby --PAULINE(stands)
               Margot, I can't --MARGOTDon't turn vague, listen to me --PAULINEI want you to pack all your things
               and get out of here. You can take
               our car and leave it at the ferry.MARGOT(startled)
               What?CLAUDEI'll help out more.   I can make
               popovers.
     Pauline looks at Claude strangely.    She leans down and kisses
     him on the lips.PAULINEDo you love me?
                   (Claude nods)
               Good.90.MARGOTDon't take this out on me?   I'm on
          your side.PAULINENo, you're not. You're not.MARGOTI've kept my mouth shut because --PAULINENo, you haven't kept your mouth
          shut! No you haven't...kept your
          mouth shut...MARGOTOkay, I told you and I was right.
          He's done an insane thing. You
          don't know this man. What he did
          is criminal.PAULINEMargot, I can't...MARGOTIt's pedophilia.PAULINEGet out!

Pauline shoves a stack of plates and silverware off of the
table. The plates shatter. Silence save for their
breathing.PAULINEBecky and I talk about you -- about
          what a monster you are. Is it
          cause Mom gave me the house? Can't
          I have anything? What was I
          thinking? I let you in. Get!
          Out!MARGOTWhat? What are you saying? I
          don't recognize you -- it's like
          you're channelling someone.PAULINE(suddenly)
          Ingrid!91.68   EXT. FIELD - CONTINUOUS                                      68The purple of Ingrid's batik shirt shines in the grass
     beneath the tree.

     The trunk -- a gash at its base -- teeters.

     Pauline takes off into the field.

     Ingrid sings to herself and traces the branches in the air
     with her finger.

     Pauline sprints --PAULINEIngrid!

     Ingrid says to no one in particular:INGRIDWhat?

     Pauline's breaths are rapid, jagged.

     Ingrid stands.

     A wind whips up.    The tree sways.

     Pauline thrusts her arms out, seizes Ingrid and hurls herself
     away from the tree.INGRIDOw!

     Ingrid sobs as they run. Pauline looks back. The tree is
     still standing. They embrace a few feet out of its range.INGRIDIt wasn't going to fall!PAULINEI'm sorry.
     Malcolm trudges up the stairs.   He's bloody and tattered.
     Wizard trots behind him.INGRIDWizard!
     She hugs the dog and holds him by the collar.   The three of
     them stand a few feet apart.
     There's a horrible creak -- and suddenly --92.-- crack --

     Malcolm pulls both girls toward him --

     The tree topples -- the thick trunk rips through the wedding
     tent and crashes through tables and chairs and the fence --

     -- onto the Vogler's property.69   INT. VOLVO - DAY                                            69The speedometer needle wavers around 30. Margot clutches the
     steering wheel. Claude looks morose. Pauline and Ingrid sit
     stonily in the back seat. The Volvo jerks into the oncoming
     lane and back. Margot draws a deep breath.CLAUDEI thought you couldn't drive.MARGOT(irritated)
               I can drive. Why does everyone say
               that? I used to drive.

     They inch up a small hill. A car cascades down past them.
     The Volvo shakes. Pauline suddenly snaps out of her daze:PAULINEWe have to call people and cancel.INGRIDWhat happened? Can I still sing?

     Margot rolls down the window.MARGOT(to Claude)
               You do smell.CLAUDEWell, I'm not wearing any
               deodorant.
     They reach the top of the hill, over the crest, and descend.
     The vehicle picks up speed. Margot presses down on the
     brake.MARGOTShit.CLAUDEWhat?93.MARGOTI don't think...
                   (she pumps again)
               No... We don't have brakes.PAULINE(resigned)
               The brakes are bad, that's right.CLAUDEWhat does that mean?MARGOTWhat do you think it means?CLAUDEI mean, what can we do?

     The car coasts faster down the hill.CLAUDEMom.

     Margot places her arm stiffly across Claude's front.

     Pauline wraps her body around her daughter.

     Margot swerves into the shoulder -- she makes a sharp turn
     into the forest and crashes through the bramble and muck.
     The car slows until it comes to a sudden stop at the base of
     a tree.70   CUT TO:                                                   70Margot and Claude, Pauline and Ingrid trudge through the bony
     white trees of the forest -- their bags weigh them down.
     They're all covered in sweat and there's dirt caked on their
     feet and ankles.MARGOTI ruined these shoes.
     Pauline's face screws up. She's suddenly in pain.   She races
     behind a tree. Margot follows.INGRIDMom, are you okay?PAULINE (O.S.)Don't look!

     Margot stops.94.PAULINE (O.S.)Shit!INGRIDMom, what happened?PAULINE (O.S.)Nothing.

     Margot steps to see around the trunk. The kids follow
     behind. Pauline removes her panties from under her skirt.
     She tosses them in the brush.PAULINEFuck.
     Margot turns to the kids.   Ingrid hides a smile.CLAUDEDid she poop in her pants?MARGOTIt happens to everyone. Not just
               babies. It'll happen to you too
               someday.71   EXT. FERRY - DAY                                            71Margot and Claude sit, streaked with mud and perspiration.
     Margot drinks a beer, Claude a Coke. Margot pops a blue pill
     in her mouth and swallows. Ingrid swings on the rail.

     Pauline hangs up a cell phone and hands it back to her
     sister. She takes the beer and swigs.PAULINEI left mom and Becky a message.MARGOTI don't think mom knows how to work
               the machine.
     Margot puts her pinky in her ear.MARGOTI can hear it flapping.PAULINEYou should take care of that.   It
               can hatch eggs.95.Claude turns his head. In the Chevy next to them sits Mrs.
     Vogler and the Vogler boy. She sings along to the radio.
     She runs her hand through her son's hair gently. He nestles
     into her shoulder.72   EXT. SEASIDE TOWN STREET - EVENING                         72The four of them get out of a taxi.   A small, peeling hotel.73   INT. HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS                               73A dark tight space with a faded and dirty green wall-to-wall
     carpet. Pauline combs Ingrid's hair on one of the two double
     beds. Ingrid practices her wedding song. Claude sits on the
     other bed and looks into the open bathroom door: Margot
     stands with her back to him. She talks on her cell phone in
     a whisper. She hangs up. Claude walks inside. The sink
     drips.MARGOTSweety, there's a bus that leaves
               to Vermont from town tomorrow
               morning. I just talked to your dad
               and he's going to pick you up.CLAUDEAren't you coming?MARGOTNo.CLAUDEWhy not?MARGOTI have to help out Paul and Ingrid.

     Claude tugs gently on his yellow bracelet.CLAUDEI don't want to go tomorrow.
     The distant bong of a low drum and beneath that -- chanting.
     Claude follows Margot to the window. Ingrid and Pauline are
     already looking out.
     Clumps of demonstrators march in the street. Some people
     hold up signs with slogans -- NO MORE -- BRING BACK -- the
     rest is obscured from the window. Some marchers are dressed
     in black hoods with white face paint and carry cardboard
     coffins.96.PAULINEThere's Malcolm.

Pauline points to a guy in a vest. As he turns around we see
it isn't him. Pauline withdraws, suddenly on the verge of
tears.PAULINEI can't live in that house alone.MARGOTYou're going to be fine.PAULINEMaybe...maybe I could get a place
          in Brooklyn -- Williamsburg or
          something. People are living there
          right?MARGOTYou don't want to live there.   It's
          all young people.PAULINEBut what do you think of that idea?MARGOTMaybe. Let's see. You know if you
          don't want to come with me, I'm
          sure mom will let you stay with her--PAULINE(through tears)
          You're already trying to pass me
          off on mom...MARGOTDon't say that. Come on, you'll
          come home with us.PAULINEYou don't even know where you're
          going to live. You might have to
          move in with mom too.
Margot tightens.PAULINEWhat? Oh.
              (mouthing a whisper)
          Didn't you tell him?97.Margot looks at her son who continues to watch out the
     window.74   CUT TO:                                                    74Pauline emerges from behind the armoire doors wearing a long
     nightshirt that reads: I Spent The Night With Arsenio Hall.
     She enters the bathroom. She mutters to herself.PAULINEWhat have I done? What have I
               done?

     Margot jimmies up the stiff window to let in some air. A few
     stragglers still march in the street. Trash and pieces of
     signage line the gutter. Margot turns into the room. She
     puts her hand to her cheek and strokes her smooth skin. She
     watches her son who removes his jeans for bed.CLAUDEWhat?MARGOTNothing. Just then I felt so much
               love for you.75   CUT TO:                                                    75Pauline tucks in Ingrid who lies next to Claude. Margot sits
     on the other bed scribbling in her brown notebook. Pauline
     marches around and across to the other side of the room. She
     snatches the book out of Margot's hands.MARGOTHey!PAULINEYou cannot write about this.   You
               can't have it.MARGOTI wasn't writing about you.PAULINEYou already took a part of my life,
               you can't have any more. And that
               goes for Ingrid and Malcolm and
               Wizard. We all own our own rights.
               They're not for sale.MARGOTGive it back.98.Pauline glances at the book.PAULINEIf I could read your handwriting
          I'm sure I'd be furious. But if I
          ever see a story that involves a
          hotel room or any of this shit, I
          will fucking take your bowels out.

Pauline thrusts the book back at Margot --CUT TO:The kids sleep in one bed.    Margot and Pauline lie awake in
the other.PAULINEYou've now successfully ruined two
          of my marriages.MARGOTYou're not wearing any underwear.PAULINEIt's hot, I'm pregnant.    Move over.
          Jesus.MARGOTYou're not hot, your feet are cold.PAULINEStop touching me. I am so hot.
          Feel my head.

Margot puts her lips to Pauline's forehead.MARGOTYou have a fever.PAULINEI don't have a fever... I'm
          pregnant...are you always like
          this?MARGOTGet used to it... Mom and Becky
          share a bed -- you and I will
          probably get the other.PAULINEYou should just go to Vermont.99.MARGOTI was thinking -- you know if you
               want -- you and Ingrid could go to
               Vermont. Keep Claude company and
               Jim adores you.PAULINEYou don't like Malcolm because
               you're not attracted to him.MARGOTWill you do it?PAULINENo. I won't do that for you.MARGOT(pause)
               Did you two talk about me in town?
               What did you say?PAULINE(pause)
               I told him you often change your
               mind.76   INT. BAR/RESTAURANT - MORNING                            76Cheap plastic tables. A small karaoke stage in front.
     Margot, Claude, Pauline and Ingrid sit at the bar. Margot
     drinks her wine with ice. She wears Jim's sweater. The kids
     have Cokes. The remains of ketchup-soaked french fries in a
     plastic red basket lie between them.

     A man with a mullet climbs up on the karaoke stage. The
     music begins. The man sways and sings "On and On" by Stephen
     Bishop. He croons sweetly and beautifully. Claude's eyes
     moisten. Margot swallows a blue pill and chases it with the
     wine. She takes her son's hand and whispers:MARGOTI'm sorry, sweety. There's
               something wrong with me.PAULINEI'm going to call him.
     Margot quickly turns to her sister.MARGOTNo.   Don't. I'm telling you.100.PAULINEI...I need some clothes and things.MARGOTHe should get the hell out of our
               house.PAULINEOkay. I'll tell him to get the
               hell out of our house.

     Pauline walks over to a pay phone.77   CUT TO:                                                      77Pauline holds the receiver to her ear. She stares at a
     drawing of a monster fucking a woman on the wall above the
     pay phone. Malcolm is crying.MALCOLM'S VOICEThe tent looks so lonely.PAULINEIt has no one to get married in it.78   EXT. HOUSE - INTERCUT                                        78Malcolm sits in the grass, the tree and wreckage behind him.MALCOLMI know. And it's smashed. I'm
               such a fucking idiot. Please don't
               take me seriously. I mean take me
               seriously, but not the fucked up
               parts, you know. I love you so
               much. Please marry me.PAULINEYou can't do what you did again.
               Do you understand?MALCOLMI promise.PAULINENo matter how tempting.
     At the bar: Margot watches her sister carefully. She absent-
     mindedly picks through her red knit bracelet and drops it
     onto the floor.
     Ingrid slides something small and grey across the bar to
     Claude.101.INGRIDYou left it in my room.

It's a piece of fingernail.   He hesitates then puts it in his
pocket.

At the phone: Pauline rests her head against the wall.
Malcolm is bawling on the other end.PAULINEI don't know. I don't know.

Malcolm clutches Wizard and sputters:MALCOLMI ate some of the cake.   I don't
          know why, but I did it.PAULINEWhat was... How was it?MALCOLMGood.PAULINEIt's not too sweet? They sometimes
          make their stuff too sweet.MALCOLMMaybe. Maybe it was. I didn't
          even notice... They fucked up the
          cake. How sad. I love our little
          baby. I miss you.PAULINEI miss you too. Maybe we should do
          another seminar.

Malcolm says something incomprehensible.PAULINEI can't understand you, honey.
Margot finishes her glass of wine, her eyes still on her
sister.INGRIDThere's gramma and Aunt Becky!
Margot startles and looks out the window. Across the street
is an older woman, 70's, and a large woman, mid 30's, eating
ice cream cones and looking in a boarded-up shop window.102.PAULINEThey didn't get my message.

     Pauline now stands above them.MARGOTI told you she can't work the
               machine --

     Ingrid's chair scrapes as she stands.      She takes her mother's
     hand. Margot remains seated.PAULINEWhat?   You're not coming?MARGOTI'm coming, I'm coming.       What did
               he say?

     Pauline and Ingrid head for the door.      Claude waits for
     Margot.MARGOTWhat did he say?

     She grabs her bags and drops some bills on the table.MARGOT(to herself)
               Don't worry, I got it.79   EXT. STREET - MORNING                                            79The sisters and children come outside.      The mother and Becky
     now idle further down the street.PAULINE/INGRIDMom!/Nana!

     Margot takes Claude's arm and walks quickly in the opposite
     direction. Claude, confused, glances over his shoulder.MARGOTDon't look. Keep walking.CLAUDEWhy are we --MARGOTWe have to get you to your bus.103.80   CUT TO:                                                   80A huge parking lot. A bus in the distance.   Claude tries to
     keep pace with his mother.CLAUDEDid you do something?MARGOTWhat do you mean, do something?CLAUDEI mean, why is the wedding not
               happening? Is there something that
               you did?MARGOTPauline has transferred all her
               stuff onto me. I don't understand
               her anymore. Why'd she pick this
               man? It is really berserk. And
               you know, she referred to me as her
               closest friend. We never see one
               anoth --

     An unfamiliar sound comes out of Margot. The sadness is
     unexpected -- she sobs uncontrollably. She tries to speak:MARGOTI mean we're not close.   Even if we
               want to be. You know?CLAUDEBut was there anything real?MARGOTNo! How many times do I have to
               say it? Jesus. You think so
               little of me.
                   (through her sobs)
               It's good you're going. You
               shouldn't be around me either. I'd
               go if I were you...CLAUDEWill you find Pauline and Nana
               after I leave?MARGOT(half-serious)
               I don't know. Maybe I'll go to
               church.104.Margot is sweating. She wipes her brow with her sleeve. She
periodically looks behind her. Nobody seems to be following.CLAUDE(growing nervous)
          Are you angry at me?MARGOTNo, honey.     I'm not mad at you.CLAUDEI don't want to go with you mad at
          anyone.MARGOTEverything's fine.    I'm not mad at
          anyone.

Up ahead is a tiny depot.    People climb onto a white bus.CLAUDECan you come with me?MARGOTNo, you know that.
              (pause)
          We should talk about the next few
          months a little bit and what's
          going to happen --CLAUDEI don't like Vermont.MARGOTYour dad will be very happy to see
          you. And I'm sure Josh is dying to
          hang out.CLAUDEPlease come, mom.MARGOT(suddenly irritable)
          Claude, stop it. Okay?
She watches a man sustain a long embrace with another man.
Margot closes her eyes. She breathes deeply.MARGOTYou used to need me to watch you
          when you played.105.CLAUDEWhat do you mean?MARGOT(vaguely)
          When you first started to play with
          friends, you wouldn't do it unless
          I watched you. You were afraid I
          would go out the back door. I
          don't know where I would go. Our
          yard didn't lead anywhere anyway.

She takes off her sweater and reveals an old faded yellow T-
shirt. She isn't wearing a bra. Claude says suddenly:CLAUDEI masturbated last night. While
          everyone was asleep I went into the
          bathroom and did it.MARGOTYou don't have to tell me, sweety.

The bus driver slams the luggage compartment closed.MARGOTYou've got to go.

Margot ties her sweater around her waist and takes Claude's
hand. They approach the bus. Claude's body tenses.CLAUDEHow will you get home?MARGOTI don't know. I'll see. Maybe
          Dick can drive me to the...
              (pause)
          Jesus, I lost the word for a
          second. The train.CLAUDEUh huh.
He looks at her longingly.MARGOTCome on. You always don't want to
          leave me and you always have a good
          time once you do.
              (provocatively)
          I think you like getting away from
          me.106.CLAUDEI do not.    I like hanging out with
          you.

She hugs him.   He clutches her.CLAUDEThe world feels strange to me right
          now.

Margot nods sympathetically. She kisses his lips and
releases him. He reaches into his bag and shyly puts on his
wrap-around punk sunglasses. Margot makes a face.CLAUDEWhat?MARGOTThey make your face look too wide.

Claude removes them and puts them back in the bag.CLAUDESee you soon.MARGOTBye, sweety.CLAUDESay, you'll see me "soon."MARGOTYou're acting like a baby.

She backs away --CLAUDEDon't see Dick.MARGOTDon't worry. I don't think he
          wants to see me anyway.CLAUDEPlease, Margot. Promise me.MARGOT(hesitates)
          Don't call me that.

Claude doesn't move. Margot points at the bus and mouths
"Go". She turns in the other direction. Claude, frustrated
and anxious approaches the vehicle.107.81   INT. BUS - CONTINUOUS                                        81Claude hurries toward the back and finds a window seat.    He
     puts his bag next to him and looks out the dirty glass.

     Claude's POV: Margot, her back to him, puts her finger in her
     ear and shakes her head.

     The sweater around her waist loosens and drifts to the
     pavement. She starts walking.

     The bus hisses and lurches forward.    Claude strains to see:

     Margot looks back.

     The bus groans as it picks up speed.   Margot sprints.MARGOTWait!

     She's runs full speed, waving her arms wildly.MARGOTWait!   Wait!

     She pants, breathless.

     The bus brakes.

     She passes Claude's window. We stay on Claude. He waits.
     Finally, she appears next to him, covered in sweat, and
     panting. She kisses him on the head. The bus starts moving.MARGOT(almost euphoric)
               Did you see me running out there?CLAUDEYeah.
     Margot cranes her neck to see outside.MARGOTGood. That was a lot of running.
               I'm out of breath.
     Claude turns away from his mother and looks out the window.CUT TO BLACK.