Room



                               Written by

                             Emma Donoghue



                         Based on the novel by

                             Emma Donoghue1   INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                             1Darkness. The faint background hum of a refrigerator. A light
    clicks on, briefly, then snaps off again.

    Then on again, for a little longer.

    We wake groggily with JACK (five), blinking up at MA (26).
    She's standing in a worn t-shirt and underwear beside a lamp,
    switching it on and off at apparently random intervals. She
    cranes up at the recessed skylight, Room's only window.

    The irregular flashes of lamp-light reveal glimpses of this
    little world lined with cork: ten foot a side, seven foot
    high, gabled ceiling rising to ten foot.

    Clusters of Jack's and Ma's vivid drawings are pinned all
    over the walls, quivering in the draft from the vents. Done
    with five crayons (red, yellow, blue, orange, green) and
    pencil on toilet tissue, lined pages or cardboard, they show
    dogs, trees, aliens, rocket ships, figures labelled 'Jack' or
    'Ma'. Delicate mobiles (uncooked spaghetti, threads,
    plastics, foil, down from pillows, cloth scraps) dangle.

    A wardrobe with slatted louver doors. On top, toys crafted
    from garbage, a Labyrinth from toilet-roll insides.

    A dresser with a TV. A homemade pack of cards, papier m�ch�
    checkers and chess. A Fort constructed from vitamin and other
    bottles and cans. A single meagre African violet in a pot on
    the TV.

    A round dining table, two fold-up chairs side by side.

    A bath with a single small towel over the side.
    A toilet, with a flotilla of homemade toy boats floating in
    the tank which is oddly missing a lid.

    A sink, with a single worn toothbrush, toothpaste, dish soap,
    a broken comb, folded rags for washcloths. A small square of
    mirror tile hung up over it.

    A small kitchen cabinet. A dish rack: two each of big and
    small white plates, bowls, tumblers, knives, forks, spoons
    (one with a melted handle), a scissors, can opener, serrated
    knife, wooden spoon, spatula.

    A basic stove (with more folded rags on its handle, for pot
    holders), one frying pan and one saucepan.

    A small refrigerator (more toys on top), a tiny trash.(CONTINUED)1   CONTINUED:                                                  1A rocker.    Above, a shelf. Ten books stacked. Homemade toys.

    A reddish Persian-style rug on the floor.

    A grey steel door, no handle. On the wall, a ten-digit
    keypad with a red light like a watching eye.

    Ma looks over at Jack and sees that he's awake. She mouths
    'Sh' at him, soothing him back to sleep. Keeps signalling.

    Darkness again, as Jack's eyelids fall.TITLE: ROOM2   INT. ROOM - DAY                                              2Faint light. Jack and Ma sleep face to face in a double bed
    under a thin quilt. Pale skin, long hair, wearing t-shirts.JACK (V.O.)You cried all day and left TV on
                till you were a zombie. But then I
                zoomed down from heaven through
                Skylight into Room -
                    (makes noise of descent,
                     then crash landing)
                and I was kicking you from the
                inside, boom boom, and then I shot
                out onto Rug with my eyes wide
                open, and you cutted the cord and
                said "Hello Jack."

    Jack wakes.JACKMa. I'm five!CHAPTER TITLE: PRESENTS3   INT. ROOM - DAY                                              3A little later, Ma, at the kitchen counter, measures out two
    small bowls of cereal.

    Jack moves round Room touching things: Rug's rusty bloodstain
    from his birth; the scarred Table; chairs; faucets, etc.JACKMorning lamp, Morning rug, Morning
                wardrobe ..
                    (he looks under the bed)(MORE)(CONTINUED)3   CONTINUED:                                             3JACK (CONT'D)Morning Eggsnake. It's my birthday.
             I'm five.(CONTINUED)3   CONTINUED: (2)                                             3Ma puts breakfast on the table. Sits.

    Jack sits, too. Ma gives him a half vitamin pill from an
    almost empty tub. She takes a contraceptive pill from a
    generic pack. They start to eat. Ma winces.JACK (CONT'D)Is Bad Tooth hurting?MA(taps her head)
              Mind over matter.

    He taps his head too as he chants the slogan.JACKIf we don't mind, it doesn't
              matter.MAGuess what we're going to make
              later.JACKWhat?MAA cake.JACKA birthday cake, like in TV?MABut for real.4   INT. ROOM - DAY                                            4A little later, Ma is brushing Jack's teeth (with their
    single, frayed brush) zealously. He spits with vigor.

    A little later, Ma and Jack are looking a two small piles of
    clothes.MACome on slow poke.JACKYou, pink soft, pink swirls.MAYou always pick that. But I guess
              it's your birthday.(CONTINUED)4   CONTINUED:                                                   4She reaches for her clothes.JACKMe, bear and jeans.MAGood choice!

    A little later. Ma scrubs the floor with an old cloth diaper
    while Jack watches TV. Both in t-shirt and jeans (Jack's with
    worn-out knees), but shoeless.DORA THE EXPLORERWe couldn't have done it without
              you. Thanks for helping. Gracias.

    The salsa theme tune starts.MAOff, please.JACKJust one more planet.

    Ma stands up, doing a zombie impression.MAToo much TV will turn us into
              zombies ... Anyway, it's time to
              mark how tall you are.

    This makes him switch the TV off fast and run to the door.

    Ma marks his height with a tiny 5 in black pen on the cork.

    Jack ducks and uses his fingers to measure the gap. Frowns.JACKI'm not very taller after four.MAOh, that's pretty normal.JACKYeah?MAEverything's hunky-dory.JACKOkey-dokey.

    He touches the space between 3 (in red) and 4 (in black).(CONTINUED)4   CONTINUED: (2)                                            4JACK (CONT'D)That's where Red Pen died and we
              got Black Pen for Sunday Treat.
              Hey, what about cookies?MASorry, I already asked for jeans
              for you for Sunday Treat.

    He swallows his disappointment.JACKI'm going to grow and grow till I'm
              a giant. Look, Ma. Look how big my
              superpowers are already.

    He makes a tiny bicep. Ma musters enthusiasm at the prospect
    of him growing up.MAYou'll be as strong as Samson soon.JACK(holding up his long hair)
              Huger every day.MAGigantic.JACKEnormous. Hugeormous.MAGood word sandwich.

    He starts leaping around the room, moving gracefully between
    all the familiar obstacles.JACKI'm going to be Jack the Giant
              Giant-Killer and burst out of
              Skylight into Space with my dog
              Lucky and boing boing boing between
              all the planets...5   INT. ROOM - DAY                                            5A little later, playing 'Track'. The rug is draped over the
    table on the bed. They run back and forward on a worn C, both
    of them training hard, like athletes.6   INT. ROOM - DAY                                               6Later, the furniture is back in place. Jack picks Dylan the
    Digger from his stack, which includes Pop-Up Airport, My Big
    Book of Nursery Rhymes, The Runaway Bunny, Alice in
    Wonderland. (He ignores the adult books - The Da Vinci Code,
    Twilight, The Guardian, Bittersweet Love, The Shack.)

    Ma can't hide her revulsion at Dylan the Digger again.MACome on, you can read Dylan
              yourself.JACKI can read them all but I like when
              you do.

    Ma recites animatedly. Jack turns the board pages, not
    noticing that Ma's eyes are shut as she reads from memory.MAHeeeeeeeere's Dylan, the sturdy
              digger! / The loads he shovels get
              bigger and bigger. / Watch his long
              arm delve into the earth, / No
              excavator so loves to munch dirt.7   INT. ROOM - DAY                                               7Later, Jack blows the second of two small eggs, keeping the
    shell intact. Beating butter and sugar, Ma keeps up their
    Rhyme game.MAOur friend Table... just isn't
              able.

    Jack pours the eggs into her bowl of butter and sugar.JACKOur friend Spoon, sings to the
              moon.

    Ma beats the eggs in.MAOur friend Knife runs for his life.

    She winces in pain, and shakes out her right wrist. Jack
    notices and takes over, beating the batter for her.(CONTINUED)7   CONTINUED:                                                  7Later: Ma strings the shells onto the needle tongue of their
    Eggsnake, made of eggshells crayoned, given paper clothes,
    foil crowns, colored wool for hair... Eggsnake is hundreds
    of eggs long.8   INT. ROOM - DUSK                                            8A little later. The birthday cake is small, brown, plain.
    Ma makes a 5 with thin white icing.MAAbracadabra!JACKNow the candles.

    Reading her face, his crumples.JACK (CONT'D)You said a birthday cake for real.
              That means candles on fire.MAJack -JACKYou should ask for candles for
              Sunday Treat, not dumb jeans.MASorry. I have to ask for stuff we
              really need that he can get easily.JACKBut Old Nick gets anything, by
              magic.MATry your cake, I bet it's
              delicioso.

    But Jack is sulking. She hugs him, quietly soothing him.JACKNext week when I'm six you better
              ask for real candles.MANext year, you mean.

    Later: Half the cake is eaten.(CONTINUED)8    CONTINUED:                                                 8Jack is kneeling at the bath. There's a bucket with dishes in
     front of him. He's washing up as expertly as an adult.9    INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                             9Later. Steam makes Room mysterious. Jack lies on Ma in the
     bath, both with bubble moustaches. End of the Selkie story:MABut one day the mermaid finds where
               the fisherman hid her comb.JACKHa ha.MASo she runs home to the sea.

     She lets her head and face sink under the water.

     Jack sits up on her, upset.

     Ma emerges and opens her eyes.   Realizes what's wrong.MA (CONT'D)Of course she takes her Baby Jack
               with her.JACKDoes he drown?MANo, he's half-merman. He can
               breathe air or water, whichever.
     Satisfied, Jack leans over to scoop up the pile of clothes.JACKLaundry Time.

     With relish, he plunges them under the water.10   INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                         10Laundry is hung up to dry everywhere. Ma and Jack are in
     their sleep t-shirts and underwear. She sits breastfeeding
     him and telling him a story.(CONTINUED)10   CONTINUED:                                                 10MA... and Edmond swims and swims to
               the island of Monte Cristo and digs
               up all the treasure, and ...11   INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                          11A little later Jack watches as Ma places blankets and a
     pillow on the floor of the wardrobe.JACKCan we have more birthday cake?MATomorrow.JACKJust a bite.MAWe've brushed our teeth already.JACKOne more story?

     She checks her watch nervously: getting close to nine.MAJack, it's late. Come on.

     Jack jumps in and snuggles down. Pictures of Dora and her
     monkey Boots are glued on the back wall; this is a tiny room
     within Room. Ma covers him up for the night.

     She begins to sing `The Big Rock Candy Mountain'.12   INT. ROOM - WARDROBE - NIGHT                               12A little later. Dim light comes through the slats. Jack lies
     stroking the dangling clothes, the pictures glued to the
     wardrobe. He freezes at the sound of the beeps that mean the
     outside door is about to open.

     He lies absolutely still, listening for Old Nick's entrance.
     He savors the scent of fresh air, but shivers: winter.

     Boom: now the door's shut again.OLD NICK (O.S.)Hey.(CONTINUED)12   CONTINUED:                                                  12MA (O.S.)Hey.

     Jack goes up on his elbow to squint through the slats but
     only sees a bit of the man's down jacket as he takes it off.OLD NICK (O.S.)Here's the jeans.MA (O.S.)Thanks.OLD NICK (O.S.)The grapes were way too much, so I
               got canned pears.

     Jack can see Ma as she puts groceries away.MAOK.Now OLD NICK moves into view too. Forties, solidly built,
     blue-collar: a ordinary monster.OLD NICKWhat's that? A birthday cake?

     He cuts himself a piece and eats it in a few bites.

     Ma starts getting undressed.OLD NICK (CONT'D)Shoulda told me, I'd have brought
               him a present.

     Jack twitches at this thrilling possibility.
     Old Nick starts undressing too: like some dull marriage.OLD NICK (CONT'D)What's he now, four?

     Jack, in the wardrobe, is all agog for Ma to correct him.JACK(too low to be heard)
               Five.

     Sounds of the adults getting into bed. The lamp clicking off.

     Then the familiar creaks of the bed. Jack doesn't know what
     they mean but is troubled. He counts them under his breath.(CONTINUED)12   CONTINUED: (2)                                           12JACK (CONT'D)One, two, three, four...JACK (V.O.)There's Room, then Outer Space,
               then Heaven. Plant is real but not
               trees. Spiders are real and one
               time the mosquito that was sucking
               my blood. But squirrels and dogs
               are just TV, except Lucky my dog
               that might be some day. Mountains
               are too big to be real and the sea.

     In the dark of the wardrobe, Jack is still counting.JACKOne twenty-eight, one twenty-
               nine...JACK (V.O.)TV persons are flat and made of
               colors with red mouths and clothes
               instead of skin but me and you are
               real. Old Nick I don't know if
               he's real, maybe half? Green beans
               are real and chocolate but not ice
               cream.

     The bedsprings are speeding up.JACKThree hundred six, seven, eight -

     A primal grunt from Old Nick. The creaking is done. Jack is
     asleep at the bottom of the wardrobe.
     Old Nick goes over to the TV and switches on sports.MAShh.

     He turns down the volume. The sound of the sports broadcast
     overlaps with the thud of the door closing. The wardrobe door
     opens admitting the faint light of the L.E.D on the keypad.

     We cut to a shot of Ma putting a sleeping Jack into the bed.
     As she starts to climb in beside we pull back and crane up.13   INT. ROOM - DAY                                              13Next morning. Jack watches a nature programme on TV: time-
     lapse photography of one glorious tree.(CONTINUED)13   CONTINUED:                                               13Ma is using a needle and thread to take in Jack's new, much-
     too-big jeans. Jack finds a trodden cigarette butt under the
     corner of the rug. Old Nick must have brought it in on his
     shoe. Jack studies it.TV NARRATOR (V.O.)Fallen leaves decompose and return
               nutrients to the soil.MA(to herself, referring to
                    the jeans)
               Cheap piece of ...

     Jack looks at the sad African violet on the bedside table.JACKWhy Plant doesn't make flowers
               anymore?MAMaybe she's tired.14   INT. ROOM - DAY                                              14Jack, on the bed: he squirms, twists, bounces with intense
     boyish energy.

     Beside the bed now, he runs on the spot at maximum speed. In
     the background we see Ma cooking.(CONTINUED)14   CONTINUED:   1415   OMITTED                                                      1516   INT. ROOM - DAY                                              16Later the same day. Ma is napping. Jack is playing on the
     floor. Counting things. Tracing the patterns of rug with his
     finger.

     What was that? He stares at the floor by the stove; glimpses
     something.

     Jack tiptoes over, but the moving thing is gone. He looks
     furtively at Ma then takes out the cake. He crumbles some and
     sets the plate on the floor. He squats and waits.

     A mouse puts its nose out, sniffs and takes a crumb.

     Something smashes into the stove: one of Ma's heavy books.

     Jack cries out in shock and distress.JACKYou made him gone!

     Ma starts to sweep up the crumbs.JACK (CONT'D)He was an alive thing, he was real!MAThey'd steal our food.

     She crawls under the counter, finds the hole. Tears aluminum
     foil from the roll. Scrunches it.JACKMouse can have my food, I'm not
               hungry.MAThey'd bring in germs, bite us in
               the night.(CONTINUED)16   CONTINUED:                                                16JACKMouse is my friend and you splatted
               him dead.MANo I didn't, he's hunky-dory.

     She stops blocking up the hole to hug Jack.JACKAre you just tricking me?MAI swear, he's safe at home with his
               Ma in the backyard.JACKWhat backyard?

     Ma, realizing her slip, tidies up instead of answering.JACK (CONT'D)Mouse lives in a yard in TV?

     Ma holds up the aluminum foil to distract him.MAHey, let's make a UFO with this.

     Jack brings out the other grudge he's been nursing.JACKWhy you didn't tell Old Nick it was
               my birthday?MABecause he's not our friend.JACKHe said he'd brung me a present.MAYou shouldn't hear what he - You're
               meant to be asleep.JACKI never had a present.MAHe didn't mean it.JACKIt might be Lucky my dog.(CONTINUED)16   CONTINUED: (2)                                           16MAJack. We can't have a dog. We
               don't have room -
                   (sees him misunderstand)
               - space, enough space - cooped up
               in here with the barking, the
               scratching...JACKLucky won't scratch, he promises.MAThere is no Lucky!JACKYeah there is.MAHe's just made-up, in your head,
               he's not real.

     Devastated, Jack bursts into tears.

     Ma sits down beside him and strokes him.17   INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                            17That evening. Jack sits in Ma's lap, watching a TALK-SHOW
     hostess interview a one-armed war veteran. Ma is threading
     eggshells onto a string, hundreds of shells long. Jack gently
     supports the unraveled part.

     Ma lets out a big yawn and discreetly rubs her aching jaw.HOSTESS...most poignant aspect, I can
               speak for all our viewers, so, so
               deeply moved by what you endured.JACKMa. Where are we when we're asleep?MARight here in Room.JACKBut dreams. Do we go into TV for
               dreaming?MAWe're never anywhere but here.(CONTINUED)17    CONTINUED:                                               17JACKI want some.

      They put down Eggsnake and Ma turns to him so he can
      breastfeed.17A   INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                        17AMa lies on the bed. Jack is nowhere to be seen. Eventually
      his voice comes from the wardrobe.JACKMa! I think Old Nick lives in TV,
                like Mouse. That's where he goes
                when he's not here in Room.MAJack. Go to sleep.18   INT. ROOM - DAY                                              18The third morning. Jack wakes up in the bed, where Ma always
     carries him once Old Nick has gone.

     Ma is up already, sitting at the table, staring at a shiny
     red truck and remote in a hard pack. The snake is in Eden.

     Jack can hardly believe what's in front of him. He looks at
     it for a while.MAYou can open it.

     We watch as Jack opens the box. Ma tries to help him when he
     finds the packaging difficult.JACK(pulling it away from her)
               I can do it.

     Later, Jack is playing with his new toy. Ma watches him
     uneasily. We hear a faint echo of screaming ...

     CHAPTER TITLE: UNLYING The screaming get's louder.

     Later, Ma is standing on a chair screaming and howling at the
     Skylight. Jack stands in the bath screaming into the small
     air vent above the shelf. He holds his truck up to the vent
     so it can join in.

     Then they hush and listen.JACK (CONT'D)Why the aliens never scream back?MAI guess they still can't hear us.JACKTomorrow we'll do even louderer.

     Later, Ma, preoccupied, trims mold off cheese she slices very
     thin and lays on brown bread. Puts it in the toaster oven.

     Jack zigzags his truck around chair and table legs. Ma checks
     to see if the frozen peas are boiling yet. Jack drives the
     truck at the door: clang.MAJack!(CONTINUED)18   CONTINUED:                                               18JACKWhat smells bad?

     Ma belatedly realizes the grilled cheese is smoking.

     She burns her hand slightly on the oven, wrenching it open.19   INT. ROOM - WARDROBE - NIGHT                                 19That evening. Jack, in the wardrobe, is meant to be asleep
     but he's still playing with his truck.

     The door beeps; he kneels up for a glimpse as it booms shut.OLD NICK (O.S.)Hey. What's the smell?

     He puts down groceries, unzips his jacket.MA (O.S.)Sorry, I burned some cheese.OLD NICK (O.S.)You need to take more care.MA (O.S.)I will. I wasn't thinking.OLD NICKYeah, well, thinking's not your
               strong suit.MA (O.S.)I know. I'm really sorry.

     Ma is unpacking the groceries.OLD NICKSo did he like his truck?

     He laughs at her speechless discomfort.OLD NICK (CONT'D)I know boys, I was one once.

     Ma looks at the empty bag.MAThe vitamins?OLD NICKWaste of money.MAIf we had a better diet, maybe...(CONTINUED)19   CONTINUED:                                               19OLD NICK (OVERLAPPING)Here we go again. You know instead
               of complaining maybe you should
               thank your lucky stars you've got a
               place like this. Cosy, safe,
               specially with the kid - no drunk
               drivers, drug-pushers, perverts...MAI'm sorry.OLD NICKLike pulling teeth sometimes.

     Ma waits for him to calm down.OLD NICK (CONT'D)Your problem is you have no idea
               about the world of today.MANo.OLD NICKWho pays the power bills? Who pays
               for everything?

     She gives the required answer.MAYou.OLD NICKAnd where do you think the money's
               going to keep coming from?MAWhat do you mean?OLD NICKNothing.MANo, but -OLD NICK (OVERLAPPING)Six months I've been laid off, have
               you had to worry your little head?

     Pause as Ma takes in the implications of this. She proceeds
     cautiously.(CONTINUED)19   CONTINUED: (2)                                           19MAWhat are you going to do?

     He doesn't answer.MA (CONT'D)Are you... looking for another job?OLD NICK (OVERLAPPING)What job? There are no damn jobs,
               Jesus Christ!

     Jack, frightened, shrinks back in the wardrobe knocking into
     the back panel. Old Nick turns his attention to the wardrobe.OLD NICK (CONT'D)Hey in there.MAHe's asleep.OLD NICKDon't think so. You keep him in the
               closet all day as well as all
               night? Poor little freak has two
               heads or something?

     He roots in his jacket pockets and produces an already opened
     tube of hard candy.OLD NICK (CONT'D)Hey Jack. You like candy? Wanna
               come out and have some candy?

     Jack, tempted, reaches for the door...
     Desperate to distract Old Nick, Ma touches his arm.MALet's go to bed.

     Old Nick chuckles at this unaccustomed seductiveness.MA (CONT'D)Now.OLD NICKDidn't your Momma ever teach you
               manners?MAPlease.(CONTINUED)19   CONTINUED: (3)                                             19Pocketing the candy, he wraps himself round her.

     They edge backwards out of view.

     The lamp snaps off.20   INT. ROOM - WARDROBE - NIGHT                               20A little later, everything is quiet.   Moonlight.

     Jack, asleep in a crooked position, wakes with a jump. He
     sits up and rubs his neck. Finds his truck. He opens the door
     and peeks out. Where's the candy?21   INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                          21Stepping out, holding his truck for moral support, Jack
     stumbles into something and gasps. He picks it up: a thick
     leather belt, like a cobra.(CONTINUED)21   CONTINUED:                                                  21He takes another few steps and stubs his toe on a huge boot.

     Jack stares at Old Nick, asleep in the middle of the bed.

     Ma is sleeping too, clinging to the far side.

     Now he's come this far, Jack forgets the candy, fascinated by
     Old Nick, whom he's seeing up close for the first time.

     Jack puts his finger out, almost touching Old Nick's face.

     Old Nick's eyes open, startled.   Then he grins.OLD NICKHey sonny.

     Ma leaps up screaming and flailing at Old Nick.MAGet away from him! Get away!

     Jack drops his truck and races to the wardrobe.

     He jumps in and pulls the door, banging his head.22   INT. ROOM - WARDROBE - NIGHT                                 22Jack clutches his head, curled up in the corner of the
     wardrobe, because it hurts, and to shut out Ma's screeching.OLD NICK (O.S.)Stop that noise.

     Ma is suddenly muted. The thump of Old Nick throwing her down
     on the bed. The lamp snaps on. Jack flinches and turns his
     face away from the light.OLD NICK (O.S.) (CONT'D)Of all the crazy...

     Sound of him pulling his clothes on, kicking the truck away.MA (O.S.)(hoarsely)
               Just leave him alone.

     The door makes the three beeps.OLD NICK (O.S.)Just don't forget where you got
               him.(CONTINUED)22   CONTINUED:                                                  22Sound of the door opening, then shutting with a boom. Jack
     waits to hear what Ma will do or say to him.

     The lamp clicks off again: darkness. Jack dives out of the
     wardrobe.23   INT. ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS                               23JACKSorry I - sorry - sorry -

     He sobs and hyperventilates by the side of the bed.JACK (CONT'D)Sorry I came out of Wardrobe.

     Ma takes him into bed with her.MAIt's OK.

     She soothes him.24   INT. ROOM - DAY                                              24Shot of ice-crystals on the skylight. Silence: no
     refrigerator hum.

     Jack wakes first, shivering, though he doesn't know why. He
     is astonished by purple bruises around Ma's throat. As if she
     feels his gaze, Ma wakes and musters a smile. Jack notices
     the white clouds of their breath in the air.JACKMa, we're dragons.

     Ma sits up. Registers the chill. Getting out of bed, she
     turns on the lamp: no light. Jack is crushed to finds his
     Jeep, one wheel snapped off.

     Ma opens the refrigerator: dark inside. She's appalled.MAHe's cut the power.

     She glances at the keypad: its little red light is out.

     With a wild, illogical hope, she hurls herself at the door
     and claws at its edges - but it's still locked. Jack watches,
     bewildered: he's never seen her try to open it.25   INT. ROOM - DAY                                           25Jack is at the table reading to his injured truck from ALICE.
     Both are dressed in all their clothes in an effort to keep
     warm.JACKFor, you see, so many out-of-the-
               way things had happened lat-ely -MALately.JACK- lately, that Alice had begun to
               think that very few things indeed
               were really impossible.

     Ma comes to the table and doles out half-thawed green beans.MALunch!JACKNo thanks.MAWe have to use them up before they
               rot. Once we eat we'll feel warmer.

     Jack makes himself chew a limp bean. Ma nibbles a few, with a
     show of enthusiasm. Jack looks at his three-wheeled truck.JACKWhen's Old Nick going to put the
               power back?MASoon.JACKWhen's soon?(CONTINUED)25   CONTINUED:                                               25MAOnce he's not mad with me anymore.

     Jack watches the bruises on her throat move.JACKI hope he never comes back not
               ever.MAJack.   Think about it.

     He does, with difficulty.JACKNo Sunday Treat?MANo anything.

     Jack tries the bean again - then spits it out quietly. Ma
     watches him, kisses him, forces herself to begin telling him
     the truth.MA (CONT'D)Hey Jack. Remember the mouse?JACKMy friend Mouse?MAYou know where he is right now?

     Jack looks all around Room.MA (CONT'D)On the other side of this wall.

     Jack stares hard at the wall.JACKWhat other side?MAOh Jack, everything has two sides.JACKNot an octagon.MANo, that's -(CONTINUED)25   CONTINUED: (2)                                          25JACK (OVERLAPPING)An octagon has eight.

     Ma holds up her hand flat.MABut a wall's like this. And we're
               on the inside, in Room, and Mouse
               is on the outside, see?JACKIn Outer Space?MANo, in the world.   It's much closer
               than Outer Space.

     She shows him the distance with her hands.JACK (OVERLAPPING)I don't see any outside side.MABut if we were outside in the
               world, we would, we'd be looking at
               the other side of this wall, and
               Mouse lying in the grass with his
               Ma. We'd see trees and cars and -JACK (OVERLAPPING)Grass is just TV.MAIs it, though? You know when Door
               opens and the air comes in, the air
               that smells fresher - that's grass.
     Jack tries to laugh.JACKYou can't smell TV.MABut it's not TV. It's the real
               world we smell. You're so smart, I
               know you've started wondering.(CONTINUED)25   CONTINUED: (3)                                           25Jack shakes his head.MA (CONT'D)Where do you think Old Nick gets
               our food?JACKFrom TV by magic.MAThere's no magic! Everything we see
               on TV - it's pictures of real stuff
               and real people in the world.JACKDora's real for real?MANo, sorry, not Dora, she's just a
               picture, but the other ones, with
               faces like ours - and there's real
               streets and oceans, dogs, cats -JACK (OVERLAPPING)No way. Where would they all fit?MAJust out there, in the world.

     Jack, tired of this, changes the subject.JACKCan I have a sandwich?

     Controlling her exasperation, Ma gets out a half slice of
     bread and adds a rationed scraping of peanut butter. She sets
     down his food and he comes to the table to eat it.(CONTINUED)25   CONTINUED: (4)                                              25Ma stands with her hands in her armpits to warm them. She
     stares around as if for proof. Cranes up at the skylight.MALook! A leaf!JACKWhere?MAOn skylight.

     She climbs up on a chair and lifts Jack onto her shoulders so
     he can see. His head is close to the recessed skylight. He
     looks at a brown, sodden half-rotted leaf.JACKDumbo Ma. That's not a leaf. Leaves
               are green.MAOn the trees they are but when they
               fall they rot, like salad, in the
               fridge, they -.JACK(interrupting)
               Where's all the stuff you said?
               Trees and dogs and -MA (OVERLAPPING)Well, we can't see them from here
               because the skylight looks upwards
               instead of sideways.

     Jack suddenly struggles to get down, nearly toppling them.JACK (OVERLAPPING)You're just tricking me.MANo I'm not.JACKLiar liar pants on fire!MAJack. I couldn't explain before,
               you were too small to understand,
               so.. I had to make up a story.(MORE)(CONTINUED)25   CONTINUED: (5)                                           25MA (CONT'D)But now - it's the opposite of
               lying, I'm unlying, because now
               you're five I think you can
               understand about the world, you
               have to understand.

     Jack shakes his head, not in bewilderment but in resistance.MA (CONT'D)Jack -JACKI want to be four again.

     They face each other, standing with the table between them.
     Ma musters the energy to try again, telling him her own story
     this time. She picks up Jack's copy of ALICE IN WONDERLAND.MAYou know how Alice wasn't always in
               Wonderland?JACKShe fell down down down the hole.MAWell, I'm like Alice. I wasn't
               always in Room.

     A heavy silence, as Jack absorbs this.MA (CONT'D)I used to be a little girl called
               Joy. I lived-JACK (OVERLAPPING)Nah!MAI lived in a house out in the world
                   (taps on the wall)
               - with my mom and dad. You'd call
               them Grandma and Grandpa.JACKWhat house?MAThe house where we lived, with a
               hammock in the back yard. We used
               to swing in the hammock and eat ice
               cream.(CONTINUED)25   CONTINUED: (6)                                          25JACKA TV house?MAIt's not TV, Jack. Are you
               listening?

     No answer from him.MA (CONT'D)And then I was nearly grown up, I
               was seventeen, I was walking to
               school and -JACKWhere was I?MAStill up in heaven. So this guy ran
               up to me, saying his -JACK (OVERLAPPING)What guy?MAWe call him Old Nick, but I don't
               know his real name. He pretended
               his dog was sick, he seemed really -JACK (OVERLAPPING)What's the dog's name?MAThere was no dog. It was just a
               trick to get me into his truck. Old
               Nick stole me.JACKI want a different story.MAYou need to hear this one. He put
               me in his garden shed.JACKWhere?MAHere. Room's the shed. He's the
               only one with the code - secret
               numbers to open the door. I've been
               locked in here for seven years. Do
               you understand?(CONTINUED)25   CONTINUED: (7)                                           25Jack's had enough.JACKThis story's boring.

     Beat.MAJack, the world. You wouldn't
               believe how big it is. Room's only
               a tiny stinky piece of it.JACKRoom's not stinky.   Only when you
               do a fart.

     Ma sit's down. She doesn't look at Jack.MAOK.JACKI don't believe in your stinky
               world.MA(bitter, still not looking
                    at him)
               Fine. That's fine Jack.

     Another long miserable pause. Jack, angry and upset, watches
     her for a while then sits down on the floor and takes out his
     toys from under the TV. He plays quietly.

     Ma looks up at the skylight. As she watches a gust of wind
     blow the leaf away.
     LATER - dusk

     Ma and Jack are in bed, under the duvet in their clothes,
     shuddering with cold. Jack tries the lamp. Nothing. He fixes
     the dents in the shade then lies back down. A terrible
     flatness in the air. Ma is turned away from Jack. She has
     been crying.26   OMITTED                                                      26(CONTINUED)26   CONTINUED:                                                  2627   INT. ROOM - DAY                                             27Next morning, a sunny day. Jack wakes up beside Ma.JACKIt's warm again.

     But she pulls the pillow over her head.

     He knows it's one of her rare catatonic Gone days.(CONTINUED)27   CONTINUED:                                                  27Later. Jack eats cereal and watches DORA (sound on very low).DORA AND BOOTSWhere do we go next? River, Bridge,
                Highest Hill. Will you check my
                backpack for something to help us?

     Later. TV off. Jack creeps up to Ma and studies what he can
     see of her bruises, which are more purple-black today.

     He tries to read Ma's watch but the angle makes it hard.

     He plays at switching Ma on with the remote.

     Later. Jack plays chess (with their homemade papier m�ch�
     set) against his truck.

     Later. Kicks a shrivelled red balloon to keep it in the air.

     Later. It's turned cloudy. Jack nibbles a bagel at the table.

     Later.   He makes a tour of his domain, his friends.JACK (V.O.)Eggsnake's our longest friend and
                fanciest. Meltedy Spoon's the best
                to eat with because he's more
                blobbier. Labyrinth is the
                twistiest and she hides things so I
                don't know where. Toilet's the best
                at disappearing poo. Lamp's the
                brightest except when the powercut.
                    (glances at Ma)
                You're the best at reading and
                songs and lots except if you're
                having a Gone Day. I'm the best at
                drawing and jumping and growing and
                nearly everything.

     He examines the truck's broken axle. Yanks on another wheel
     until it snaps off. Then the last two. He twists the doors
     off. Stuffs the truck, its parts and remote in the trash.

     Later, light fading. Jack lies beside Ma, longing to
     breastfeed. Lifts the edge of her t-shirt, but doesn't dare.

     He sits up, rests his hand on the bump of Ma's foot.28   INT. ROOM - DAY                                             28Next day. Ma (apparently normal again) and Jack finish their
     cereal.(CONTINUED)28   CONTINUED:                                                  28MAApple?

     He takes a big bite and hands it back to her.

     Ma bites in, winces. She reaches into her mouth and pulls out
     a tooth.MA (CONT'D)About time.JACKBad Tooth? Can I have it?MASure, if you want it.29   INT. ROOM - DAY                                             29A little later. Jack is watching wildlife while Ma cleans up
     from breakfast: baby turtles emerging from shells and heading
     down the beach.

     Tying up the trash bag, she finds the truck, and realizes
     that Jack has destroyed it because it came from Old Nick.JACKAre turtles real?

     Ma's head shoots up: this is the first sign that he's
     starting to believe her about the world.MATotally real. I had a pet turtle.DAVID ATTENBOROUGHCrocodiles, sharks, and hungry fish
               are all waiting in the shallows.JACKCrocodiles and sharks -MAThey're all real.(CONTINUED)29   CONTINUED:                                               29Curious, Jack switches channels: a 1970 BBC mini-series, THESIX WIVES OF HENRY VIII.ANNEOh, my lord...HENRY(eyeing the child)
               Not while he plays here...ANNE(smiling)
               I'll send him away -JACK (OVERLAPPING)Real?MAAh, they're real people playing
               dress-up, pretending to be people
               from hundreds of years ago.

     Jack is puzzled by that.

     He switches channels: TOM AND JERRY.JACKJust TV?MAYou're getting it!

     He watches the slapstick violence with relish.JACKWhen Old Nick comes back, I'm going
               to kick him in the butt.

     This suddenly punctures her mood.MAJack.

     Ma marches over and turns off the TV, startling him.MA (CONT'D)One night I stood behind the door
               with the lid of the toilet tank -

     Jack looks towards it, confused: what lid?(CONTINUED)29   CONTINUED: (2)                                         29MA (CONT'D)- it used to have a lid, it was the
               heaviest thing in Room. When he
               came in I tried to smash it down on
               his head. But I messed up, Jack.
               He shoved the door shut and grabbed
               me by the wrist - that's why it's
               sore now.JACKWe could wait till he's asleep and
               kill him dead.MAYes we could, but then we'd have no
               more food - and we wouldn't know
               the code, on the door, to get out.JACKThe Grandma and the Grandpa could
               come.MAThey don't know where we are, Jack.
               Room's not on any map.

     His eyes slide to the blank screen.(CONTINUED)29   CONTINUED: (3)                                           29JACKCan I have more TV?MAJack, I want you to listen to me.
               Jack!

     He looks at her.MA (CONT'D)You're old enough now and we can't
               wait any longer ... Jack you are
               going to help me trick Old Nick
               like Jack in the stories is always
               tricking the giant.30   INT. ROOM - DAY                                           30A little later, Water boils in a pot on the stove. Jack lies
     on the bed.MAI'm going to make your face so
               scorching hot that Old Nick will
               take you to the hospital in his
               truck, and the minute you get there
               you'll tell the doctors, 'Help!
               Police!JACKYou can tell it.(CONTINUED)30   CONTINUED:                                                30MAI'll write you a note to give them.JACKYou can give them.MAI won't be in the hospital, I'll be
               here.

     Jack jumps up, rigid with panic.JACKNo. No.MAIt'll be OK.JACKWith you!MAHe won't take us both. You'll go
               first, just to the hospital so you
               can tell the police, and then...

     Her conviction falters at this point, but she fakes it.MA (CONT'D)Then you'll come rescue me.

     He shakes his head.(CONTINUED)30   CONTINUED: (2)                                           30MA (CONT'D)We'll be free. Go on hikes, see
               birds. Ride in cars and trains and
               planes. I'll teach you to swim.
               We'll have friends. And a dog -
               we'll call him Lucky. A party with
               a cake with candles, our friends
               singing.

     Jack thinks.JACKMaybe next year when I'm six.

     Ma's face falls. Then hardens.MATonight.

     Jack starts shaking his head frantically.MA (CONT'D)It has to be tonight.

     Jack flees to the wardrobe, to shut himself in.MA (CONT'D)Listen to me.(CONTINUED)30   CONTINUED: (3)                                              30She stops him before he can slam the louver doors.MA (CONT'D)I'm going to tell him the powercut
               made you so cold, you got a fever.
               We might not get another chance.
               It's a miracle he didn't come last
               night.JACKTomorrow.MAI'm your Ma. Sometimes I have to
               pick for both of us.

     Slowly, she pulls, till his small hands release the doors.31   INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                            31Later. Jack is back on the bed, his face red. Ma holds a
     cloth wrung out with hot water over his forehead.JACKOw!MAYou need to feel hot when he
               touches you.

     Jack starts crying at the prospect. Ma strokes him as she
     presses the bag to his forehead.MA (CONT'D)Crying's good, it makes you look
               sicker.

     Then she moves the bag to each cheek in turn.MA (CONT'D)And stay floppy, remember? You're
               too weak to move or say a word.(CONTINUED)31   CONTINUED:                                                  31She shoves her fingers down her throat to make her retch.JACKWhat are you doing?

     Ma manges to vomit a little.

     She rubs it on the pillow beside Jack, which horrifies him.MAMakes you smell sick.

     Ma checks her watch, and presses the cloth to his face.MA (CONT'D)Remember when you get to the
               hospital you give them the note.
               Show me how you hold it out.

     Jack fumbles in his pocket for the edge of the note.
     Something falls out with it.MA (CONT'D)What's that.

     She picks it up. Her bad tooth. She gives it back to him.MA (CONT'D)See, that's a bit of me you have
               with you all the time.JACKI'm scared.

     Ma strokes his face.MAI know.(CONTINUED)31   CONTINUED: (2)                                              31The door beeps, startling them both.

     Ma shoves the wet rag and the pot of hot water under the bed.
     Jack hides his red face in the pillow, goes limp.

     The door opens and Old Nick steps in with a grocery bag.MA (CONT'D)There you are!

     He scowls at her, and shoulders the door shut.OLD NICKYou know the drill: not a peep out
               of you till the door's shut.MASorry, just - Jack's really bad.

     Old Nick puts the groceries down, grimacing at the smell.MA (CONT'D)It was so cold.OLD NICKYou brought that on yourself.MAI couldn't keep him warm, and now
               he's burning.OLD NICKGive him one of those painkillers.MAI've tried, he pukes them back up.
     Old Nick comes up close to Jack.MA (CONT'D)Don't -

     He elbows her out of the way lays his hand across Jack's
     forehead.

     Jack lets out a whimper of fear that passes for pain.OLD NICKI'll get him something stronger.(CONTINUED)31   CONTINUED: (3)                                            31MAHe's only five! Dehydrated,
               temperature this high, he could go
               into convulsions any minute.OLD NICK (OVERLAPPING)Shut up and let me think.MAHe needs antibiotics.OLD NICKI'll bring something tomorrow
               night.MATomorrow night? You have to take
               him to the ER right now.OLD NICKEnough with the hysterics.MAI'm begging you. Please!

     Old Nick taps the code into the keypad, hiding his hand. Ma
     clings to him.MA (CONT'D)If you're even halfway human -

     As the door opens he thrusts her away and she stumbles.

     When the door booms shut, Jack lifts his head. Their trick
     didn't work... and he's relieved. Ma is crumpled against the
     wall where she fell.32   INT. ROOM - NIGHT                                         32Jack sleeps sweetly and peacefully in Ma's arms in bed.

     She stares into the dark.33   INT. ROOM - DAY                                           33Next morning, Jack is eating his cereal cheerfully. Ma,
     hollow-eyed, hasn't touched hers.(CONTINUED)33   CONTINUED:                                                 33MASo Edmond pulls his friend's body
               out of the bag and hides it, and he
               climbs into the bag, and lies super
               still until the guards come.

     Jack nods, enjoying the familiar story.MA (CONT'D)And that's what you're going to do.

     He stops eating.MA (CONT'D)See? It's even tricksier than
               pretending to be sick: this time
               you're going to be dead.

     Jack looks over at the folded paper grocery bags.JACK(with relief)
               Our bags are too small for being
               dead in.

     Ma shoves the table and chairs away to one side.JACK (CONT'D)Is it time for Track?

     Ma starts hauling up the rug, testing how it bends.MARug's going to be the bag, see?JACKI don't want to be dead.MAPretending to be dead, that's all.
               Wrapped up so Old Nick can't see
               that you're alive. But not floppy
               this time. All stiff like a robot.
               And not a sound. And I'll be in
               your head, talking to you all the
               time.
                   (she taps Jack's head)(MORE)(CONTINUED)33   CONTINUED: (2)                                        33MA (CONT'D)He's going to carry you outside,
              all rolled up in Rug, and he'll put
              you in the back of his pick-up and
              drive somewhere to bury you -JACK (OVERLAPPING)No!MAIt's OK. You'll wriggle free and
              jump out of the truck. You'll -JACK (OVERLAPPING)I don't like this trick.MACome on, Jack, let's try rolling
              you up.JACKUh uh.MAPlease Jack, try just for a minute.JACKHalf a minute.MAOK.(CONTINUED)33   CONTINUED: (3)                                              33A little later: He's lying down on the rug.MA (CONT'D)Okey-dokey.

     She rolls him up. We're with Jack inside the rug.MA (O.S.) (CONT'D)Can you hear me? Can you breathe?JACKYeah.MA (O.S.)Excellent! He'll pick you up - stay
               stiff as you can.

     Jack holds himself rigid as Ma lifts him up.MA (O.S.) (CONT'D)Then he'll put you in his truck.

     Set down awkwardly, Jack bites his lip, but stays quiet.MA (O.S.) (CONT'D)The second you hear the engine -

     She makes engine noises and shakes him.MA (O.S.) (CONT'D)- that means Old Nick's busy
               driving, so that's your chance to
               start wriggling out. Now, Jack.
               Wriggle out.JACKI can't.   I'm stuck.

     He bursts into loud tears.MA (O.S.)Remember your superpowers.

     Jack cries harder. Ma unrolls him fast and hugs him. Then
     takes a long breath.MA (CONT'D)Ok, it's too many turns. Up, up.
               I'll fold the end over like this.
                   (She folds the end of the
                    rug to make it narrower)
               Now lie down and fold your arms
               like this.(CONTINUED)33   CONTINUED: (4)                                             33She folds them across Jack's chest, elbows sticking out.(CONTINUED)33   CONTINUED: (5)                                           33MA (O.S.) (CONT'D)There, Now push up your arms.JACKI can't.MAPush, Jack.

     His elbows scrape through and his fingers clasp hers.MA (CONT'D)Now roll.

     Jack makes a feeble try, barely moves. Pants, sobs.MA (CONT'D)OK. Take a breath.JACKGet me out.MA (O.S.)You're getting yourself out.JACKOut!MA (O.S.)If you panic, Old Nick will hear
               that you're alive, and he'll be
               mad.

     Jack groans.MA (O.S.) (CONT'D)I know you, Jack. I know you can do
               this.

     Jack clenches his teeth and starts to writhe and roll side to
     side.

     He rolls over face down, and gets his butt slightly in the
     air, bending the cylinder of the rug.

     He rolls the other way, sits up: the rug opens. He claws his
     way out, his face red and smeared. Ma is looking almost as
     distraught as him, but she grins.MA (CONT'D)You did it! You're the banana!(CONTINUED)33   CONTINUED: (6)                                            33JACKI hate you.

     The first time he's ever said it: they're both shocked.MAThat's OK. I brought you here to
               Room. I didn't mean to but I did,
               and I've always been so glad. And
               now it's my job to get you out.34   INT. ROOM - DUSK                                          34Later. Jack's lying half rolled in the rug. He's been waiting
     for hours. Ma crouches beside him drilling him in the plan.JACKTruck, wriggle out, Jump, Run -MAWait till the truck slows down at
               the first stop sign - if you jump
               when it's going fast you might -

     She stops talking so as not to cry. Checks her watch. Stares
     at the door as if she can will it to open.MA (CONT'D)So Truck, Wriggle Out, Jump when it
               Slows Down...

     Jack struggles to remember the list.JACKSomebody, Run -MAJump, Run, then shout to Somebody
               and show them the Note.

     Jack checks the for note in his pocket.MA (CONT'D)Tell them your Ma is Joy Newsome
               and �(CONTINUED)34   CONTINUED:                                               34JACKWho is Somebody?MAAnybody - the first person you see.JACKAn actual real person.

     Ma nods, worried by his lingering confusion.JACK (CONT'D)What if Old Nick unwraps me?MAHe's not going to -

     Ma falters, puts her head in her hands. She collects herself.MA (CONT'D)You got Bad Tooth in your pocket?

     Jack points to his cheek.JACKIt's in here so I don't lose it.

     BeatMAYou're going to love it.JACKWhat?(CONTINUED)34   CONTINUED: (2)                                              34MAThe world. Living in the hammock
               house with your Grandma and
               Grandpa...JACKAnd you.

     We see that Ma doesn't believe she'll get out, but she nods.
     Bends over and hides her face by putting it against his.JACK (CONT'D)Sing.

     Ma kneels back up into position.MAOne evening as the sun went down
               and the jungle fire was burning,
               down the track came a hobo hikin',
               and he said "Boys, I'm not turning.
               I'm headed for a land that's far
               away, beside the crystal fountains.
               So, come with me, we'll go and see
               the Big -

     The door beeps, and Ma rolls Jack up, very fast. We're in the
     dark with him, the rug pressing close.

     Sound of Old Nick stepping in. Proud of himself.OLD NICK (O.S.)Antibiotics.

     The door shuts with a boom.OLD NICK (O.S.) (CONT'D)Are you nuts, wrapping a sick kid
               up in that?

     Ma's voice is very close because she's bent over the rug.MA (O.S.)He got worse in the night.

     She waits, giving Old Nick time to figure it out.

     In the rug, Jack lies frozen except for his flickering eyes.MA (O.S.) (CONT'D)He wouldn't wake up.(CONTINUED)34   CONTINUED: (3)                                             34OLD NICK (O.S.)Are you sure?

     She lets seven years of rage pour out.MA (O.S.)Am I sure?

     In the rug, Jack blinks in fright.OLD NICK (O.S.)Ah gee.   That's - Poor girl.

     His self-justification kicks in right away.OLD NICK (O.S.) (CONT'D)Guess it must have been serious,
               pills wouldn't have worked anyway.MA (O.S.)You killed my baby.OLD NICK (O.S.)Take it easy. Let me -

     Jack's eyes squeeze tightly shut: total darkness.MA (OVERLAPPING)(O.S.)Keep your hands off him!OLD NICK (O.S.)OK, OK.Jack opens his eyes again, inside the rug.OLD NICK (O.S.)(CONT'D)He can't stay here, you know.MAWhere will you take him?OLD NICK (O.S.)I don't know. I'm thinking.MA (O.S.)Not here. I'd feel him. I'd know.OLD NICK (O.S.)OK.MA (O.S.)Drive him somewhere nice, somewhere
               with lots of trees.(CONTINUED)34   CONTINUED: (4)                                             34OLD NICK (O.S.)Trees, sure.MA (O.S.)Keep him wrapped up. Swear you
               won't even look at him with your
               filthy eyes.OLD NICK (O.S.)I swear.
                   (thinks)
               It'll be dark in an hour.MA(screams at him)
               Now. I can't bear it.OLD NICKOK, OK.Jack feels himself being scooped up by Old Nick.MA (O.S.)Gently!OLD NICK (O.S.)Get back and turn around.

     Jack is tilted head down as Old Nick taps the code. Ma starts
     to moan quietly. A swaying motion as he carries Jack outside.

     Ma's voice is cut off by the boom of the door.35   EXT. OLD NICK'S HOUSE - BACK YARD - DUSK                   35We're with Jack; glimpses of twilight sky, shrubs, hedge
     through the end of the carpet.

     A terrible pause as Old Nick contemplates the back yard. Then
     walks on. Jack is heaved face-down into the flatbed of an old
     pick-up.

     A pause - Jack senses a light going on nearby. Then the clang
     of a shovel being dropped onto the bed of truck beside the
     rug.

     Old Nick's footsteps, heading for the driver's seat. Sound of
     the truck rumbling to life.36   EXT. STREET NEAR OLD NICK'S - DUSK                          36Sound and shaking: the truck roars along too fast.

     We're with Jack, stunned, face-down in the darkness.(CONTINUED)36   CONTINUED:                                                  36At last he remembers that he's meant to be wriggling out.

     He writhes, but the rug has tightened in transit.

     With an effort, Jack manages to roll over. No better.

     The engine quietens as the truck slows. Jack is not sure if
     that's his signal and anyway he's still trapped in the rug.

     The truck doesn't stop at the stop sign, only slows.

     Jack remembers his arm. He forces it above his head, wincing
     as the rug scrapes the skin off his elbow. Jack puts all his
     misery into movement, thrashing about, kicking, jack-knifing
     like a dying fish.

     The truck's engine lulls as it makes a rolling stop.

     Jack feels the rug slide a little across the flatbed, which
     gives him just enough momentum that he bends, with a deep
     grunt, and the rug starts to roll open.

     He bursts out, on hands and knees: like a birth. Elbow and
     lip bloody, face covered in hair, snot and tears.

     The world hits Jack: street lamps, wind in his face, shocking
     colors of the sunset. Trees and houses looming and then
     receding, like a rollercoaster.

     His glance falls on the shovel meant for his grave.

     Jack's eyes focus on the cab of the truck and what he
     realizes must be the back of Old Nick's head, driving.

     Old Nick slows at the third stop, and swings right. Jack is
     flung headlong, banging his leg on the left of the flatbed.
     The truck screeches to a stop, because Old Nick heard the
     noise and glimpsed Jack in his rearview mirror.

     He flings the driver's door open.

     Jack scrabbles over to the opposite side.

     Old Nick jumps down and strides around the truck.

     Jack leaps down to the tarmac, bloodying his left knee. His
     jaw smashes into his right knee. He picks a direction at
     random and tears away from the truck, stumbles, keeps going.

     A large dog on a long leash, emerges from a yard.(CONTINUED)36   CONTINUED: (2)                                            36DOUG(a big man in his forties) and his 2-year-old daughter
     CARRIE, both in winter outdoor clothes, follow.

     Jack runs into the man, finds himself on the ground with the
     dog snarling at him.DOUGBoomer!

     He pulls the dog away by the collar.

     Old Nick catches up, and scoops Jack up with one arm.

     Pinned in the air, Jack lashes out in soundless terror. Old
     Nick strides back towards the truck with him.DOUG (CONT'D)Excuse me? Hey.

     Old Nick puts Jack down but holds his shoulders.

     Jack cringes, eyes on the ground.DOUG (CONT'D)I'm so sorry. Is your little girlOK?OLD NICKIt's under control.

     Doug stares at Jack's bloody knee, elbow, lip.DOUGShe been in some kind of accident?
               You want me to call someone?OLD NICKI'll take care of it.

     Jack can't speak, but pulls out the note. Old Nick snatches
     it out of his hand, scrunching it.DOUGWhat's that you got there, honey?OLD NICK (OVERLAPPING)Why don't you mind your own
               business and I'll mind mine?DOUGOK, I don't like this.(CONTINUED)36   CONTINUED: (3)          36(CONTINUED)36   CONTINUED: (4)                                              36He pulls out his cellphone and dials. Old Nick picks up Jack
     again and hurries to his truck.

     Doug waits impatiently for the emergency operator.DOUG(shouts after Old Nick)
               I've got your plates, mister! K93 -

     Old Nick drops Jack in the street and breaks into a run.DOUG(CONT'D)Hey! Hey!

     Jack, lying in a heap, hears the driver's door slam.

     Then the engine starts. Jack looks around: the truck is
     barrelling towards him. Confused and dizzy, he crawls towards
     the sidewalk. The truck roars past: a getaway, not attempted
     murder.

     Jack watches the truck zoom through the next stop.

     He collapses and blinks up at the vast evening sky. After a
     beat, Doug, leaning in, interrupts the view. The dog is
     there, too.DOUG (CONT'D)It's OK, Honey.

     Jack curls himself up in a ball.37   INT. STREET NEAR OLD NICK'S - DUSK                           37A patrol car pulls up at the scene. Doug leaves the still
     curled up Jack and hurries to the car to talk to the emergingOFFICER GRABOWSKI.Jack, shuddering with cold notices Carrie staring at him.

     He feels his lip, touches the blood, looks at it, tastes.
     Then sees an oval on the ground. He picks it up: a leaf.

     OFFICER PARKER, a female officer, hunkers down beside him.OFFICER PARKERHey there, I'm Officer Parker.
               What's your name?

     There's something reassuring about her and Jack forces
     himself to talk to one of these alien beings - but barely
     whispering, and he can't look her in the eye.(CONTINUED)37   CONTINUED:                                                   37JACKJack.OFFICER PARKERJackie?JACKJack.

     She leans in to hear him better. Jack flinches away.

     Officer Grabowski comes closer now, on his walkie-talkie.OFFICER GRABOWSKIWe have a disturbed female
               juvenile, possible domestic -OFFICER PARKER (OVERLAPPING)Male.

     He does a double-take.OFFICER GRABOWSKICorrection, male juvenile.OFFICER PARKERYou must be freezing, Jack.

     With a jerk of the head, she sends Grabowski to the car.OFFICER GRABOWSKI(on the walkie-talkie)
               That's negative. White male, six
               feet, forties, fifties, beard, red
               pick-up, Ford, nineties F150,
               maybe, no state partial plate K93.OFFICER PARKERDo you have another name? Jack?

     He jumps, not realizing she was talking to him again.OFFICER PARKER (CONT'D)Do you know how old you are?

     Jack nods. Peeks at her buckle, badge, gun, not face.OFFICER PARKER (CONT'D)How many fingers?JACK(nonplussed)
               Ten.(CONTINUED)37   CONTINUED: (2)                                              37OFFICER PARKER(incredulous)
               You're ten years old?JACKTen fingers.

     He spreads his two hands. He still can't meet her eye but
     he's desperately trying to communicate.OFFICER PARKERNo, I meant show me with your
               fingers how old you are.JACKI'm five.

     He spreads one hand, in case she doesn't get it.OFFICER PARKERFive, great. And your address?

     Jack doesn't know what this means, so ignores it. Back with a
     blanket, Officer Grabowski addresses Parker.OFFICER GRABOWSKIGuess we should get onto Child
               Protection?

     She makes a 'wait' gesture and wraps the blanket around Jack,
     who stiffens.OFFICER PARKERWhere do you sleep at night, Jack?
               Where do you go to bed?JACKIn Wardrobe.OFFICER GRABOWSKIIn a wardrobe?OFFICER PARKERYou have a Mom, Jack?JACKMa.OFFICER PARKERIs that her real name, Jack?JACKShe used to be Joy.(CONTINUED)37   CONTINUED: (3)                                            37OFFICER PARKERIs there another name, after Joy.

     Jack struggles but can't remember `Newsome'.OFFICER PARKER (CONT'D)Where's your Mom right now?

     Jack suddenly realizes that Old Nick - furious because Jack's
     alive and has escaped - might be heading back to hurt her.JACKRoom.OFFICER PARKERWhat room? Where's the room?JACKNot on any map.

     Officer Parker's questions come faster as her concern grows.OFFICER PARKERThe man with the truck, that your
               dad? Ma's boyfriend? You know him?JACKOld Nick.OFFICER GRABOWSKISpeak up!

     Officer Parker glares at him: he's not helping.JACK(louder)
               Old Nick. But that's not his name.OFFICER PARKERDid this Nick guy hurt you?

     She goes to touch his lip, but he flinches away.JACKI bit me by accident. And the, the,
               the -

     He pats the ground to remember the word.JACK (CONT'D)The hard of the street. I jumped
               and smasheded my knee.(CONTINUED)37   CONTINUED: (4)                                           37He remembers Bad Tooth and takes it out of his mouth.OFFICER PARKERWhat's that, Jack?JACKA bit of Ma.

     Both officers peer at Bad Tooth, and exchange a dark look.38   INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT                                      38Inside the moving police car. Jack's head jerks as he tries
     to make sense of the passing images. He flinches as a car
     passes in the other direction. Bewildering signs: YIELD,HIDDEN DRIVEWAY.OFFICER PARKERSo, Jack? You see anything?JACKEverything.(CONTINUED)38   CONTINUED:                                                  38OFFICER PARKERNo, but anything you recognise?
                  Your room, Jack, is it in a
                  bungalow - all one level? Or
                  stairs? What's outside the room?JACKSpace.
                      (corrects himself)
                  The world.

     He plucks at the seat belt, which is too high for him and
     pressing uncomfortably on his neck.OFFICER GRABOWSKIYou reckon the kid's on something?OFFICER PARKERJack, when you step out the door -

     Jack shakes his head anxiously.OFFICER PARKER (CONT'D)You don't like to go outside?JACKWe don't know to open the door.OFFICER GRABOWSKIMy money's on some kind of cult.
                  The tooth, the long hair...OFFICER PARKERIs there daylight in your room?

     Jack nods.OFFICER PARKER (CONT'D)How many windows?JACKZero.

     He makes a circle with his finger so she'll understand.(CONTINUED)38   CONTINUED: (2)                                         38OFFICER PARKERThen how does the sun come in?JACKThrough Skylight.OFFICER PARKERExcellent.
                   (on her walkie-talkie)
               Check the satellite. Sounds like
               his mother's being held in a house
               with a skylight.OFFICER GRABOWSKINeedle in a haystack...JACK (OVERLAPPING)Room's not a house.OFFICER PARKEROK.JACKIt's a...OFFICER PARKERYeah?JACKIt's a...OFFICER GRABOWSKIMight get more out of him when he's
               had some sleep.OFFICER PARKER(to Grabowski)
               Tom, give me a break.JACK(overlapping)
               Room's a... a shed.OFFICER PARKERA shed! You're doing great, Jack.
               Now, after you got in the truck -

     Jack shakes his head.JACKHe putted me - I wasn't meant to be
               alive.(CONTINUED)38   CONTINUED: (3)                                           38OFFICER PARKERWhat made you jump out of the
               truck, Jack?JACKMa said in my head.

     He taps it.OFFICER PARKERWhat did she say, exactly?JACKJump when it Slows Down. But I
               couldn't, I was all...

     He's remembering being trapped in the rug.OFFICER PARKERSo what did you do?JACKThe third time, I got banged.OFFICER PARKERThe third time of what?JACKThe third slow, everything went
               sideways -
                   (mimes being flung across
                     flatbed)
               - and then it stopped and I jumped
               and -OFFICER PARKER (OVERLAPPING)Gotcha!

     She closes her eyes and fixes the geometry of Jack's journey
     in her mind.OFFICER PARKER (CONT'D)(on her walkie-talkie)
               Control. Listen carefully. South on
               Maple, three stop signs from the
               junction with Beach, look for a
               garden shed with a skylight.

     Officer Grabowski, impressed, swings the car around.39   INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT                                    39Minutes later. Outside an unlit house, with a Police van and
     a back-up, unmarked car parked facing the other way. A plain
     clothes OFFICER is knocking on the front door of the house.
     Jack watches through the car window as Officer Parker
     consults with an OLDER WHITE MALE OFFICER, also plain
     clothes. Parker and the older officer start to poke around
     the side of the house, disappearing for a moment before
     running back. Officer Parker takes what looks like a crowbar
     from the trunk of the car. She draws her weapon. Grabowski
     moves to leave the car.OFFICER PARKERStay with the boy.

     She disappears around the back of the house. Jack
     hyperventilates, thinking about Old Nick and Ma.OFFICER GRABOWSKI(eyes Jack in mirror)
               You OK, kid?

     We hear shouting, a crack of splitting wood. Jack starts
     clawing at the car door, can't find the handle.OFFICER GRABOWSKI (CONT'D)Hey, hey, take it easy.

     A figure hurtles towards the car: Ma. She can't get the door
     open either because of the lock.

     Faces pressed to the glass, she and Jack almost touch. Then,
     at last the door is open and Jack is in her arms.40   INT. POLICE CAR - NIGHT                                    40A little later. Jack and Ma, in blankets, hold each other as
     the police cruiser moves through the night.

     Jack does a huge yawn, utterly exhausted now the adrenalin is
     gone.JACKCan we go to Bed now?MAWe can do anything. They'll find us
               somewhere to sleep soon.JACKNo, but Bed. In Room.(CONTINUED)40    CONTINUED:                                               40Ma realizes he thought their escape would be temporary. She
      hugs him as he drifts off to sleep.40A   INT. HOSPITAL - EMERGENCY ROOM - NIGHT                   40AStill in Ma's arms, Jack half wakes to find himself carried
      through a hospital emergency room. They are being bustled
      along by Officers Parker and Grabowski, A FEMALE PLAIN
      CLOTHES DETECTIVE, a DOCTOR, a NURSE and a HOSPITAL SECURITY
      GUARD. A woman in her 50s, is beside them, her arm around MA.
      This is NANCY, Ma's mother. It's like a strange dream to
      Jack. Through the group around him he can make out other
      figures waiting in chairs. He can hear a drunk shouting,
      phones ringing.JACKMa.

      Ma shushes him, stroking his hair. He drifts back to sleep.41    OMITTED                                                   4142    OMITTED                                                   4243    OMITTED                                                   4344    OMITTED                                                   4445    INT. HOSPITAL - MA AND JACK'S SUITE - DAY                 45Next morning. A bright hospital room. Jack and Ma share the
      fancy hospital bed. A cot bed, unused, has been set up to one
      side. Jack is awake but content to lie close to Ma for a
      while - studying the dials and switches on the wall above his
      head. He looks at Ma, asleep, bruises fading to yellow-green.
      He sits up and pulls back the sheet. He's wearing only a pair
      of underpants from Room which look particularly wretched in
      this new antiseptic environment. He touches the part of the
      mattress he's being lying on. It's damp. He examines a
      bandage on his knee. He gets up. On a side table, he sees a
      plate with the remains of some toast on it and a half drunk
      cup of tea. He sniffs at the food. There are two surgical
      masks there, also. He walks slowly to the opposite wall, his
      little figure silhouetted against the translucent blinds. He
      stops in front of the one window which has its blind drawn.
      The hospital suite is high up and the view is spectacular.(CONTINUED)45   CONTINUED:                                               45From the back we study Jack's small figure and beyond it the
     vast world below.(CONTINUED)45   CONTINUED: (2)                                           45Coming around on Jack's face we see that he is trying to make
     sense of what he's seeing. It takes him a moment to realize
     what he's looking at and how high above ground he is. His
     breathing quickens and he turns and scurries back to bed.

     He shakes his mom.JACKMa. Ma.

     She begins to wake.MAGood morning sleepy head. I was
               waiting so long for you to wake I
               fell back asleep.JACKIs this another planet?MASame one, just a different bit.
               It's a room -
                   (hears the word)
               A bedroom in a hospital.

     Jack thinks about this.JACKAre we sick for real or pretend?MAWe're not sick. We're the opposite
               of sick.

     Beat.JACKHow long are we staying?MANot long. Grandma saw us last night
               and she'll take us when they say
               we're OK.JACKAnd Grandpa.MAHe was away at work but he's
               getting on a plane to come home.(CONTINUED)45   CONTINUED: (3)                                     45Beat.JACKI wetted the bed ... before. I'm
              sorry.(CONTINUED)45    CONTINUED: (4)                                              45MAThat's OK.

      The bedside phone bursts to life, frightening Jack. Ma picks
      it up.MA (CONT'D (CONT'D)Yes, just now. OK ... if that's OK,
                thank you.

      Ma hangs up as Jack starts tugging the sheets off the bed.
      She stops him.MA (CONT'D)Don't worry about that. Someone
                will wash it. Come on, we have to
                get ready.

      Ma steps out of bed. She's wearing a robe. It says `Tyler
      Forest Hospital'JACKWhat's that?MADo you like it? There's one for
                you, too.

      She picks up a robe from beside the bed, puts him in it -
      it's way too big, then she begins to take off his damp
      underpants.45A   INT. HOSPITAL - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS                       45AMa and Jack come into the bathroom. Ma throws Jack's
      underpants in the trash.JACKThat's waste.MAWe'll get new ones.JACKFor Sunday Treat?MAThere are going to be so many
                treats, not just on Sundays.

      Jack looks around.(CONTINUED)45A   CONTINUED:                                              45AJACKWhere's the bath.MAIt's a shower instead.   Splashier.

      Ma notices a large mirror. This is the first time she's seen
      herself properly in 7 years. She studies herself - bares her
      teeth. She points out their reflections to Jack.(CONTINUED)45A   CONTINUED: (2)                                          45AMA (CONT'D)Jack, look. It's us.

      This is the first time Jack has ever properly seen himself.JACKMa, will he find us.MANo, he will never, ever come again.46   INT. HOSPITAL - MA AND JACK'S SUITE - BATHROOM - DAY      46Ma and Jack are in the shower. Jack is pressed to the door,
     as far away as possible from the powerful jet of water.JACKBath before Bed.

     She can't hear him over the noise of the water.MAWhat?JACKBath before Bed, that's the rule.MAThere aren't any rules now, Jack.
               We can do what we like!

     Jack is unnerved by all this.

     Ma groans with pleasure as she lets the water hit the back of
     her neck.JACKAre you hurting?

     Ma laughs. Jack edges into the water and she washes him with
     a hand towel.47   INT. HOSPITAL - MA AND JACK'S SUITE - MORNING             47Both in robes with wet hair. While Ma looks out the window
     Jack noses around the room taking in the strange experience
     of an unknown space. He opens a drawer, then another. Empty.

     A very light tap at the door which only Jack hears.(CONTINUED)47   CONTINUED:                                               47JACKThe door's ticking.

     The door opens a little. Ma jumps. Jack hides behind his
     mother as a man's head - wearing a surgical mask - appears
     around the door.DR. MITTALHello there, I hear we're all woken
               up.MAThat's right.

     Jack's buries his head in.MA (CONT'D)It's OK, Jack.

     DR. MITTAL (thirties/forties) come further into the room. A
     nurse pushes in a breakfast trolly then leaves.DR. MITTALHi there, Jack. I'm Dr. Mittal. You
               were asleep when I cam in this
               morning.

     Jack won't make eye contact.DR. MITTAL (CONT'D)You must be hungry?

     No answer. Dr. Mittal moves the breakfast trolley in front of
     Ma and Jack. Ma removes the plastic domed lids and foil. Jack
     stares at the strange food. He runs his finger around the
     BLUE RIM OF HIS PLATE and looks at it to see if the color has
     come off. Ma eats.DR. MITTAL (CONT'D)So, I have some things for you
               both.

     He hands 2 pairs of sunglasses to Ma.DR. MITTAL (CONT'D)You may find it more comfortable to
               wear these if you go outside. Some
               sunscreen.

     Holding up a surgical mask.DR. MITTAL (CONT'D)For Jack.(CONTINUED)47   CONTINUED: (2)                                        47MAIs that really necessary?DR. MITTALLots of germs in the air to get
              used to.
                  (taking out some pills)
              My colleague has prescribed these
              for the pain in your wrist until we
              can schedule a surgery.
                  (handing over a last
                   bottle)
              And something to help you sleep.(CONTINUED)47   CONTINUED: (3)                                         47MAOK. Thanks.
                   (to Jack who is still
                    playing with his food)
               Try it, it's delicioso.

     Jack's not convinced.DR. MITTALHave you thought any more about
               what we discussed this morning?MAThanks for the offer but we're
               going to go home.DR. MITTALYou know my view. After what you've
               experienced, and to assess Jack
               properly. And just to soften the
               transition -MA(interrupting)
               Nothing happened to Jack.DR. MITTALI understand, but even at a
               cognitive-sensory level - depth
               perception, auditory processing ...MABut he's OK, right?DR. MITTALThe most important thing you did
               was to get him out while he's still
               plastic.(CONTINUED)47   CONTINUED: (4)                                         47JACK(whispers to Ma)
               I'm not plastic.DR. MITTALWhat's that, Jack.MAHe says he's real, not plastic.

     Mittal laughs.DR. MITTALI can't argue with that, Jack. Real
               and very brave.(CONTINUED)47   CONTINUED: (5)                                            47We hear voices arguing outside the door. One voice cuts
     through.VOICE (O.C.)Oh for God's sake ...DR. MITTALWe can talk about this again later.
               It sounds like you have more
               important things to do right now.

     The door opens and Nancy enters (we met her briefly in the
     emergency room) carrying an overnight bag. She is followed by
     a man in his sixties, rumpled from travel. This is ROBERT,
     Ma's father.MADad!ROBERTMy darling.

     They hug, the masks are quickly discarded. Dr. Mittal watches
     from the back of the room.NANCYWe couldn't wait any longer.(CONTINUED)47   CONTINUED: (6)                                             47Jack, forgotten, is frightened by what he sees. He curls up.
     Eventually, Ma notices him.MAJack, Jack it's OK. This is your
               Grandma and Grandpa.NANCYHello, Jack.

     Jack hides his face.NANCY (CONT'D)That's OK. Thanks for saving my
               little girl, Jack.

     Robert tries to smile but he is very uneasy around Jack.
     Nancy lifts the small bag she brought.NANCY (CONT'D)I hope I didn't forget anything.
               I'm sure I did.48   EXT. HOSPITAL - UPPER STOREY TERRACE - DAY                 48Hospital roof garden. Jack sticks close to Ma. She is dressed
     in track-suit bottoms and her old warm winter coat. Jack has
     pajamas under his robe and a warm coat which doesn't quite
     fit. Ma has a pair of her old boots on, Jack has trainers.
     They wear tinted glasses against the brightness of the day.
     Jack is a strange sight, the part of his face not covered by
     his mask (the others are unmasked) or woollen hat is smeared
     in heavy sun screen. They sit with Robert and Nancy. Nancy
     smokes a slim cigarette. Jack watches her cigarette for a
     while, then his attention is snagged by a nurse pushing an
     old woman in a wheelchair. He is also fascinated by the sky
     reflected in the mirrored glass of the building.

     Ma runs her hand along her coat.NANCY(off Ma's clothes)
               I kept everything.

     Jack is finding his shoes - the first he's ever worn -
     irritating. He starts to take them off.(CONTINUED)48   CONTINUED:                                          48MALeave them, Jack, you'll get used
              to them.

     Pause.(CONTINUED)48   CONTINUED: (2)                                            48ROBERTYou're here.

     They hug again. Letting go at last they smile at each other
     for a long moment. We feel a history of great closeness
     between them. Ma wipes away her tears.MASo, what's in Michigan?

     Robert and Nancy exchange glances.MA (CONT'D)(sensing something)OK.She waits.ROBERTI'm working out of the Grand Rapids
                  office.

     Beat.ROBERT (CONT'D)I live there now.NANCYOh, Sweetie... There have been a
                  lot of changes in our lives since
                  you've been gone. Your dad and I...
                  losing you, was very hard on us.
                  And he and I...ROBERTWe had to go our different ways. It
                  was what we had to do.

     Jack doesn't understand any of this but hates the tension.MAWhoa. This is not what I thought
                  was happening.NANCYYour father felt we had to accept
                  that you were...

     She stops herself. Robert suppresses his anger.ROBERTPeople deal with things in their
                  own way.(CONTINUED)48   CONTINUED: (3)                                       48NANCYI knew you'd come home one day.

     They sit.MAWow.(CONTINUED)48   CONTINUED: (4)                                        48NANCYI'm so sorry, I didn't know how to
               tell you. They said we should talk
               to you together.

     Nancy is upset.ROBERTThe Doctor mentioned this other
               place where they could help you,
               because it's hard, you know, to
               suddenly -MA(interrupting)
               He has no idea what we've been
               through. Nothing could compare to
               that.

     Robert and Nancy sit with this.MA (CONT'D)I told him we're going home.
                   (to Nancy)
               Unless, you'd prefer us ...NANCYOf course not.(CONTINUED)48   CONTINUED: (5)                                         48Again a look passes between Robert and Nancy.NANCY (CONT'D)Honey, there's something else I
               have to tell you. After your father
               and I separated I got close to
               someone else. Actually someone you
               know.ROBERT(in quickly)
               Leo.

     Beat.MAOK, this is a lot of stuff.NANCYYes it is.

     Nancy is upset.ROBERTLeo's a good guy. Your mother is
               much happier. It's a good thing.


     Jack tugs at Ma.(CONTINUED)48   CONTINUED: (6)                                              48MA(a hint of irritation)
               What, Jack?

     But he won't say it loud and she has to lean down to him.JACKIt's too big here.MAIt's OK.JACKI want some.

     He starts to burrow under her coat. Robert is horrified.ROBERTWhat .. what's he doing?

     Ma is surprised by her father's reaction. She barks at Jack.MAJust wait a moment. We'll go inside
               in a moment.

     Nancy tries to calm her.NANCYIt's OK.MAI need to go back now, anyway.
               There are things we need to do
               inside.
     Ma pulls Jack to his feet. Jack risks a look at his
     grandparents. Robert looks down, can't look Jack in the eye.
     Ma notices Jack has taken his shoes off. She starts to fuss
     with them, then gives up and lifts Jack into her arms to
     bring him inside.49   INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDORS/NURSES STATION - DAY              49Ma and Jack, still masked, walk through the hospital corridor
     accompanied by A NURSE and a POLICE GUARD. Jack is fascinated
     as they pass a nurses station, a man rolling a drip on a
     stand, the door to a day room where several patients sit
     playing cards, reading.49A   INT. HOSPITAL - MA AND JACK'S ROOM - DAY                 49AJack lies on the bed listening to music on headphones. In the
      background Ma talks to two DETECTIVES. They show her images
      on a laptop which is turned away from Jack.50    INT. HOSPITAL EXAMINATION ROOM - DAY                      50Jack being weighed and measured.(CONTINUED)50   CONTINUED:                                                  50Jack getting his shots.

     Blood being taken. Jack is left with a little cotton swab
     fixed to this inner elbow with a thin band-aid.51   INT. HOSPITAL - MA AND JACK'S SUITE - NIGHT                 51Later. Quiet at last. Ma and Jack alone, shoes and masks off.
     Out of the big window as the last of the sun fades.

     Ma picks at something plain from their dinner tray, while
     Jack breastfeeds. In the background the TV news.NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)Which the major utility companies
               say they will not cover. Tenants'
               organizations have said they will
               fight this decision, if necessary
               at the federal level.

     BeatNEWS ANCHORAnd now to developments in the case
               of the young woman, believed to be
               Joy Newsome,
                   (a picture of a smiling Ma
                    as a teenager comes on
                    screen)
               who was rescued last night, along
               with her child, from a garden shed
               having allegedly been held captive
               there for over seven years.
               We are getting unconfirmed reports
               that an individual has just been
               arrested, after what one witness
               has called a 'short stand-off' at a
               house on the east side.

     Footage of Old Nick's house.

     The room phone starts to ring. Ma picks up.MAI know, I'm watching it right now.
               I can't believe it. I just want to
               be home now.NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)Both victims are understood to be
               receiving medical attention at an
               unknown location.(MORE)(CONTINUED)51   CONTINUED:                                                51NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.) (CONT'D)The child, of unknown gender, was
                described by one eyewitness as
                unable to walk ..MAWait, wait a second.

     She switches off the set.52   OMITTED                                                   5253   INT. CLINIC - FOYER - DAY                                 53Ma, Jack (masked, with sunglasses on), Nancy and Robert move
     towards the doors of the hospital where the Resident FBI
     agent waits for them. Robert is carrying the small bag that
     contains all of Ma and Jack's possessions.

     Ma puts her sunglasses on as they go through the doors.DR. MITTALYou have your schedule of
                appointments, and your medications.
                Please completely finish the course
                of antibiotics.MAI understand.DR. MITTALYou have my number.MAGot it.DR. MITTALIf you need anything, if you just
                want to talk, you use it, alright?

     Ma nods.

     They pause at the doors until they're beckoned by FBI agents.(CONTINUED)53   CONTINUED:                                                53Ma accompanies Jack through the door.54   EXT. CLINIC - DRIVEWAY - DAY                                 54POLICE and HOSPITAL SECURITY are outside along with FBI
     agents, a VICTIM LIASON person and Ma's LAWYER.

     As Jack again takes in the scale of the outside world the
     adults get caught in the logistics of who goes in which car,
     who will take Ma's bag, what will happen at the other end of
     the journey. Jack observes the little clusters of people with
     their overlapping voices raised in clarification,
     reassurance...

     Ma and Jack are led to one of the waiting cars. Jack bumps
     his head getting in.

     We watch the convoy pulling away from the hospital and out
     into the world.55   INT. FBI CAR - DAY                                           55A little later. Driving through a better, neater
     neighborhood than Old Nick's.

     Jack grips Ma's hand, watches the world pass.JACK (V.O.)I've been in the world nineteen
               hours. I've seen pancakes and
               stairs and a cat and windows and
               hundreds of cars and birds and
               police and doctors and Grandma and
               Grandpa, and persons with different
               faces and bigness and smells
               talking all at the same time. The
               world's like all TV planets on at
               the same time so I don't know which
               what to look and listen. Doors and
               doors and behind all the door
               there's another inside and another
               outside and things happen-happen-
               happening, it never stops.
               Plus the world's always changing
               brightness and hotness and there's
               invisible germs floating
               everywhere. When I was small I only
               knew small things but now I'm five
               I know everything.(CONTINUED)55   CONTINUED:                                               55She takes his mask off over his head.56   INT. FBI CAR - LATER                                         56They turn onto a residential street of low houses and well-
     groomed lawns.

     It's all familiar to Ma yet utterly strange: a crowd of media
     (national and international) is set up across the road from
     her house behind temporary barricades. There are neighbors
     and well-wishers carrying helium balloons, flowers, toys, and
     signs. POLICE keep order.MA(under her breath)
               Jesus.

     Ma tidies her hair.

     Nancy, Robert and a LAWYER emerge from the first car. Nancy
     manages an apologetic smile and half-wave to the neighbors
     who are watching from their own yards.

     RESIDENT AGENT leans in the driver's window to address Ma.RESIDENT AGENTReady for this?

     Ma adjusts her shades and undoes her belt and Jack's.MA(to Jack)
               Ready?JACKSteady - go.

     They climb out, heads down, shielded by FBI agents. Jack
     stumbles, almost falls. Now they're outside they can hear a
     news helicopter overhead: it sounds like a war zone. Nancy
     joins them, taking Jack's hand, and they rush for the front
     door.REPORTER 1Joy! Joy! Any message for your well-
               wishers? What's it like to be home?(CONTINUED)56   CONTINUED:                                               56REPORTER 2Jack! Jack! Look this way.REPORTER 3Jack! How do you like the world so
               far?RESIDENT AGENTYou're doing great.REPORTER 2Joy! What do you say to your
               captor?

     Robert and the Lawyer approach the cluster of reporters being
     held back by the Police.LAWYERAt this time ... excuse me, please
               ... at this time I will read a
               brief statement from the family
               after which I would ask you to
               respect their privacy. I'm sure you
               can understand this is a very -

     Nancy, Ma and Jack step into ...57   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - HALL - DAY                      57The hallway of Nancy and Leo's house. The Resident Agent is
     with them.RESIDENT AGENTThe back of the property is well
               screened, and we've added to that
               where necessary, so if you keep
               these drapes closed you'll have
               complete privacy. We'll be right
               outside if there's anything at all
               you need.NANCYThank you. Thank you so much.

     The Resident Agent leaves. Nancy, Ma and Jack stand in the
     stillness. Curtains drawn, lights on.NANCY (CONT'D)My goodness.
                   (beat)
               Are you OK?(CONTINUED)57   CONTINUED:                                                  57Ma nods. From out of the kitchen comes an man in his late
     50s. This is LEO, Nancy's partner.(CONTINUED)57   CONTINUED: (2)                                           57LEOWelcome home, honey. I'm very very
               happy to see you.

     He has tears in his eyes but he gives Ma her space, doesn't
     move to embrace her.MALeo.NANCYJack, this is Leo.LEOHey there, sport.

     Jack takes in this new person. Nancy leads them through to
     the main room where the curtains to the back yard are open.LEO (CONT'D)What can I get you? Anyone hungry?
               We have everything.NANCYPeople have been so kind. We won't
               use it all. Jack, would you like a
               drink?

     Jack sticks close to Ma.MAJack, Grandma's asking if you'd
               like something to drink.

     Jack pulls her down to whisper in her ear.MA (CONT'D)Juice?
                   (to Nancy)
               Just some juice. I'm fine.LEOComing right up.

     Nancy disappears into the kitchen with Leo. Ma and Jack sit
     on the sofa. Jack looks at cards and flowers arranged on a
     table.JACK(whispers)
               What are they for?(CONTINUED)57   CONTINUED: (3)                                           57MAThey're from people saying they're
               happy that we're safe and back
               home.JACKWhat people?MAJust people.

     Ma, like Jack, speaks quietly. It's as if they were in a
     doctor's waiting room or a stranger's house trying to make a
     good impression. All so unreal.

     Ma gets up and looks out the window into the back yard. Jack
     follows.JACKWhere's ice cream in the hammock?MA(calling out)
               Mom, what have you done with the
               hammock?NANCY(from the kitchen)
               I guess it must be in the basement.

     Jack looking at his feet, sees a small dog toy on the floor.
     He presses it with his foot. It squeaks, giving him a fright.

     Nancy and Leo come in with loaded trays - juice, water
     cookies, cake.LEOJust in case.MAA dog?NANCYOh. It's Leo's dog, Seamus.MAYou don't like dogs.NANCYOh no. I've come to love Seamus.
               He's won me over.(CONTINUED)57   CONTINUED: (4)                                           57LEOHe's on furlough at the moment,
               with a pal of mine out of town.
               Living the country life.NANCYThe hospital said to avoid pets,
               until your immunity is back up ...
               and there's so much to take in.LEOI told him he was a health hazard.
               Gotta sling your hook, buddy. He
               didn't take it too well.

     Silence. No one has any idea what to do next. We hear the
     front door open and close. Robert appears, he looks shaken
     having taken questions from reporters. He looks for a seat,
     chooses one far from Jack.NANCYYou OK?

     He rubs his face, nods.ROBERTLawyer says they are expecting a
               plea but can't rule out a trial. He
               wants to get into everything, I
               said it could wait.NANCYGood.ROBERTHe thinks most of the press will
               move on in a couple days. I made it
               clear there'd be no more contact,
               statements. To respect the family.

     Robert has to hide his face.ROBERT (CONT'D)I'm sorry.

     Jack watches, as Robert collects himself.LEOCan I get you a drink, Bob?ROBERTThank you, yes. I'd like that very
               much. Scotch... whatever you have.(CONTINUED)57   CONTINUED: (5)                                     57LEOSure.NANCY(to Ma)
              Is there anything you'd like, or
              like to do?(CONTINUED)57   CONTINUED: (6)                                            57MAJust rest.NANCYSure.

     Ma and Jack move towards the stairs. Ma carries a small bag
     with their belongings. Nancy follows. At the foot of the
     stairs Jack stops. He's never had to climb stairs before. Ma
     shows him how to grip the rail and he starts up.58   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER58Reaching the top of the stairs, they walk the quiet, carpeted
     hallway. Jack takes it all in.59   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - MA'S OLD ROOM - DAY             59Ma and Jack enter Ma's room. They absorb the decor of Ma's
     adolescence - preserved by her mother.NANCYThis is your Mom's room, Jack.

     Jack looks around. He pulls a strand of his long hair out of
     his eyes.NANCY (CONT'D)Hey, maybe tomorrow we can cut that
               hair. What do you say, Jack?

     Jack shakes his head. Whispers to Ma.MAJack says that's where his `strong'
               is.NANCYAh ha.(CONTINUED)59   CONTINUED:                                               59Jack walks over to the bed and sits down. We are with him as
     he takes in the band posters, track trophies, pictures -
     including pictures of his Mom as a young, happy girl. In the
     background Nancy and Ma watch him.NANCY (CONT'D)I'll let you rest. We'll be
               downstairs.

     Before she leaves, Nancy talks quietly, insistently to Ma, we
     only catch fragments of what she's saying.(CONTINUED)59   CONTINUED: (2)                                            59Conventional things, promising she is there, that there's
     nothing Ma can't say to her, how much she loves her. Ma is
     quiet, a little shell-shocked. Nancy leaves.

     Struck by the sight of her music keyboard, Ma tries it: dead.
     She kneels down, finds the plug and puts it in the outlet.MAYou didn't know I could play piano.
               Guess this tune...

     But after a few notes of 'Home on the Range'/'Big Rock Candy
     Mountain' she stumbles. Tries again, and messes it up.
     Stretches her stiff hand. Then she sits on the bed, suddenly
     limp. Checks her watch. It's gone; an old habit. Both Ma and
     Jack are subdued.JACKHow long do we have to stay here?

     She takes out her bag of meds.MA(getting the tablets she
                    needs)
               We live here now.

     She swallows her antibiotics and painkillers without water.
     She lies down. We stay on Jack's face as he continues to take
     in his surroundings and digest what Ma has said. After a
     little while he lies beside her and lifts her shirt so he can
     snuggle up and breastfeed.

     We repeat a sequence of shots from life before their escape
     ending in a mother & child portrait. In the little bedroom,
     they could be in Room.60   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - KITCHEN / DINING ROOM - NIGHT 60Ma, with Jack pressed close to her, sits at the dining table
     with Nancy, Robert and Leo. Desert. Jack is eating his first
     bowl of ice-cream. He takes a big mouthful and holds his hand
     to his head. He tugs at Ma and she leans down so he can
     whisper to her.JACK(whispering to Ma)
               Ice cream hurts.LEOYou got a brain freeze there, Jack?(CONTINUED)60   CONTINUED:                                               60MAEat it slower.

     Small talk as food is passed around. Ma puts her fork down,
     she is beginning to get upset. Nancy watches her, puts a hand
     on hers. After a little while Ma calms.

     They eat quietly, the adults aware of the complexity and
     strangeness of the situation. Jack, oblivious, chomps away at
     his ice-cream. Robert watches him.ROBERTI'm going to turn in.

     Beat.MAIs there something wrong?ROBERTNo.MAWhy are you in such a hurry?(CONTINUED)60   CONTINUED: (2)                                           60ROBERTIt's been a long day.

     Beat.MAYou haven't said one word to Jack.

     Unlike Ma, Nancy hasn't put two and two together about
     Robert's awkward bearing around Jack.NANCYJoy.

     Robert looks haunted, torn.ROBERTWe don't have to talk about this
               now.

     From the carefulness and awkwardness of Robert's reply Nancy
     begins to understand.NANCYMy God.MA(to Robert)
               Yes we do. Look at him.

     Robert can't. Ma's anger deserts her.MA (CONT'D)Dad.NANCYRobert.MAPlease.

     Jack is bewildered by this low-key catastrophe.ROBERTI can't, I can't... I'm sorry.MAHe's my baby.(CONTINUED)60   CONTINUED: (3)                                           60ROBERTWhat that bastard did to you.LEOCome on, Bob. Let's all just give
               this a little time.

     Ma stands up.MACome on, Jack. Time for bed.

     As Ma pulls Jack out of the room.ROBERT(to Nancy)
               I'm so sorry. I shouldn't be here.61   INT. MA'S OLD BEDROOM - LATE AT NIGHT                     61Jack lies awake beside his sleeping mom.

     He hears footsteps. The door cracks open and a convoluted
     shadow appears, rimmed in light. The door opens wider and the
     shadow resolves into Robert, watching his daughter and
     grandson sleep. Jack burrows into his pillow pretending to
     sleep. The door closes and soon he sleeps.62    INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - MORNING          62Ma and Nancy sit with coffees. Jack has some cereal. The
      house is very quiet. No one talks for a while. Eventually ...JACK(quietly to Ma)
                Where's Grandpa.

      Beat.NANCYHe had to go home for a while.MA(holding Jack's face
                     gently)
                Hey Jack, you want play with your
                new toys?

      Jack shakes his head.

      A few minutes later: Nancy is cleaning up in the kitchen as
      Ma breastfeeds Jack. She looks out on the bare winter back
      yard.62A   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - LOUNGE AND FRONT HALL - AFTERNOON     62AThrough a chink in net curtains of a car pulling up outside
      Nancy and Leo's house. The Lawyer gets out. We see that the
      press has thinned out substantially. There are a few curious
      MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC with nothing better to do, a UNIFORMED
      POLICE OFFICER and a POLICE CAR.NANCY (O.C.)Jack! Come away from there.

      We are in the lounge. Jack turns away from the window as
      Nancy goes to greet the Lawyer, keeping herself hidden as she
      opens the door.NANCY (CONT'D)Come in.LAWYERThank you. Automatic door.NANCYYes.LAWYERLet me take my shoes off here.(CONTINUED)62A   CONTINUED:   62A63   INT. DINING ROOM - LATER                                  63The LAWYER and Nancy watch Ma filling out some forms. She is
     subdued. Jack has some blank paper in front of him. He is
     staring at a large open box of Crayola pencils; every shade
     of every color. He carefully selects 5 pencils - the 5 colors
     he's used to from Room - and begins to draw.

     Jack occasionally glances at Leo, drawn by his natural
     warmth.LAWYERThe other thing we need to talk
               about is coming up with some kind
               of media strategy. I know you're
               not thinking about that right now.
               But there's a lot to decide about
               in that category.NANCYI don't think we're ready for
               talking yet. Not like that.(CONTINUED)63    CONTINUED:                                                 63LAWYERThere are certain to be expenses
                going forward and a prime time
                interview, one prime time
                interview, means a lot of money.
                Donations are coming - and I'll
                need some account details, better
                in yours than mine, right? - but it
                wouldn't amount to enough for, you
                know, open ended support.

      Beat.LAWYER (CONT'D)There's huge interest.

      Ma notices that Jack is using only the same small set of
      colors for his drawing that he had in Room.MAJack, you have all those colors.
                Why don't you use them. You could
                draw a picture of Jack the giant
                slayer, with every color.

      Jack keeps drawing.63A   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT                   63AMa, Jack, Nancy and Leo eat supper, watching TV. Jack is
      drawn to look at Leo who does the old thumb trick for him.64    INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - MA'S BEDROOM - MORNING          64Ma is still asleep. Jack sits on the bed beside her, bored.
      He looks towards the half-open door to the landing.65    INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - LANDING - DAY                   65Jack sits on the landing with a favorite toy from the pile in
      the sitting room. From where he sits he can see the open door
      to his and Ma's bedroom. It's dark inside. Eventually, Leo
      walks into view with a male DETECTIVE and a female VICTIM
      LIASON OFFICER. He shows them to the door.LEOThank you again.(CONTINUED)65   CONTINUED:                                                  65He lets them out, closes the door behind them, then peeps
     through the closed curtains. As he turns away, he spots Jack,
     gives him a salute and then busies himself in ways calculated
     to raise the interest of a 5-year-old. Tidying up, he picks
     up a ball from the floor, spins it on his finger, bounces it.
     Wanders off out of view, whistling, muttering about how
     particularly bouncy this ball is, etc.

     Jack starts down the stairs. He goes down on his backside not
     yet confident enough to do it standing.66   INT. LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN - MORNING                           66Jack wanders cautiously into the brightness of the living
     room, finding Leo who smiles at him, then gets back to
     whatever he's pretending to be doing.

     Jack is silent.LEO(to himself)
                  Gee, am I hungry.

     He pads into the kitchen.LEO (CONT'D)Let's see what we have here.

     Jack follows him in. Leo takes some cereal out of a well
     stocked cupboard, he opens the fridge for milk. Jack takes in
     all the produce it contains.67   INT. KITCHEN - A MINUTE LATER                                67Jack and Leo, at opposite ends of the counter, eat cereal.LEOPretty good, right?

     Jack nods.LEO (CONT'D)I like this kind, too. Kind of
                  sweet, but pretty good.

     Jack looks at Leo, not answering, but not bolting. He keeps
     eating. After a moment.JACKYou have a dog?(CONTINUED)67   CONTINUED:                                               67This is the first time Jack has initiated any conversation
     with an adult other than Ma.(CONTINUED)67   CONTINUED: (2)                                              67LEOI do. Named Seamus. He's very
               small. Not very smart. You'll have
               to meet him sometime. He'll shake
               your hand.JACKI had a dog called Lucky. But he's
               not real.LEOYeah?JACKIn Room.

     Leo takes this in.LEOYou ever play catch, Jack?68   EXT. BACK YARD - LATER                                       68Jack and Leo walk out into the garden. Jack is wearing his
     hat and glasses but no sun-cream.

     The back yard is a simple rectangle of grass bounded by
     barkdust and shrubbery with a few small trees. But to Jack it
     is a new cosmos. He wanders tentatively into the open space.
     Jack kneels to investigate the dirt and grass. He smells
     deeply.


     A little later, Leo and Jack throw the ball between them.
     Jack's shoes are irritating him.JACKI hate shoes.LEOI hear what you're saying, but ...

     Leo drops the ball and kicks it to Jack who manages to kick
     it back.LEO (CONT'D)They've got their uses. Am I right?

     Jack nods. They play awhile, getting farther apart.(CONTINUED)68   CONTINUED:                                               68NEIGHBOR BOY(OS)Hey.

     Jack and Leo look over. The NEIGHBOR BOY is standing at the
     fence.NEIGHBOR BOY (CONT'D)I have a ball like that.LEO(wary, but open)
               No kidding. It's a nice ball, isn't
               it?NEIGHBOR BOYI got mine for my birthday.LEOFantastic. You hear that, Jack? He
               got this same ball for his
               birthday.NEIGHBOR BOYWhy's he wearing those glasses.LEOHe's got sore eyes.

     The boy thinks about this. Decides it's an acceptable answer.NEIGHBOR BOY(to Jack)
               Did you get that ball for your
               birthday?
     Jack shakes his headNEIGHBOR BOY (CONT'D)What did you get for your birthday?JACKI got a truck but it broke and Ma
               got me a cake.NEIGHBOR BOYA cake's not a present.JACKYes it is.(CONTINUED)68   CONTINUED: (2)                                           68NEIGHBOR BOYThat's weird. A cake's just
               something to eat. No way is it a
               present.

     Jack looks at Leo and bursts into tears. He flees. Leo and
     the neighbor kid watch him go.69   INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY - MOMENTS LATER                       69Jack runs through the house...70   INT. MA'S OLD BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER                        70... and slips into the bedroom where Ma is pacing around on
     the house phone. She has a smart-phone in her hand which she
     is trying to set up.JACKMa. Ma.MA(waving Jack off)
               I already gave all this information
               to the last person.
                   (covering the mouthpiece)
               What, Jack?JACKIs a cake a present?MAWhat?
     She turns away, deep in her own frustration.MA (CONT'D)(into phone)
               Hold on ... I don't understand the
               words you are using, so why do you
               keep repeating them?
                   (pause)
               I have done that three times
               already.

     Jack sits quietly on the bed. Ma looks at him again, notices
     that his face is a little red. She covers the phone.MA (CONT'D)(to Jack)
               Have you been outside?71   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - LEO'S DEN                       71Ma opens the door of Leo's den. Jack is beside her, his face
     smeared with camomile lotion.MALeo, please don't ever take Jack
               outside again unless you know what
               you're doing. He can be seriously
               hurt by the sun.LEOI'm so sorry. It was overcast.MAHe has never had any UV. This is
               serious stuff, OK?72   INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER                                     72Jack gazes out the window, not wanting to go outside anymore.
     In the background, we can hear Ma noisily preparing something
     in the kitchen.73   INT. MA'S OLD BEDROOM - LATER                                73Ma has boxes spread out all over the room. She is morbidly
     engrossed in some old papers and memorabilia.

     Jack sits down. She keeps reading, looking.MALook at this.
     She shows him an old photo. Four girls in track uniforms.MA (CONT'D)You know who that is?JACKYou?MAMe and Stacy Benton and Heather
               Noel and Laura Sullivan. That's how
               people did their hair. We were the
               relay team. I was the anchor. I was
               fast. We did track together.JACKReal track?(CONTINUED)73   CONTINUED:                                                73MAReal track. On a field. We were
               fast. Best in the district. You
               know what happened to them?JACKNo.MAExactly. Nothing. They just lived
               and nothing happened. Look ...

     She picks up her old laptop from the floor by the bed. She
     has been looking through her friends pages on Facebook. She
     clicks on a couple of pages showing the same girls as they
     are now, then loses interest, closes the laptop.JACKShow me more when you were young.MANo. I don't want to see any more. I
               don't want you to look at any more
               right now. Let's just be quiet for
               while. Okey dokey?

     They sit. She stands and paces the room, gnawing her lips,
     wincing, trying and failing to keep her despair out of view.74   INT. MA'S OLD BEDROOM - NIGHT                                74Jack wakes from a nightmare with a start. No Ma beside him.
     He gets out of bed. The only light is coming from the hallway
     through a crack in the door.JACKMa?

     He leaves the bedroom, stands blinking on the bright landing.
     He hears noises from downstairs, raised voices, a high
     pitched squeal.JACK (CONT'D)Ma?

     He goes downstairs. We follow him into the living room.75   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - LATER             75We enter with Jack to find Nancy, Leo and Ma. Ma and Nancy
     are hugging. The lawyer is on speaker phone.(CONTINUED)75   CONTINUED:                                               75LEONot at all, we'll all sleep better.LAWYER (SPEAKER)I thought you'd want to know.LEOThat's rightLAWYERIt's a good day.NANCYThank God.JACKYou were gone!

     Ma turns. She's been crying but she comes over to Jack
     smiling broadly. She kneels so her face is level with his.MADo you want to hear something
               really good?

     In the background Leo ends the call.JACKYou were gone.MAHey listen. Old Nick is going to
               jail for a really long time.JACKI know Old Nick is in jail.MABut now he'll be there for ever and
               ever. And I don't have to see him
               ever again or talk to the judge or
               any of those scary things. Isn't
               that great?

     Jack nods, not really understanding.MA (CONT'D)We can stop worrying now and start
               to do all the things we want.

     She picks him up and hugs him.76    INT. NANCY AND LEO'S KITCHEN - DAY                           76Ma is on her phone, furiously texting. Jack watches. He's
      bored. Just the sound of tapping thumbs.JACKWhat are you doing?MAI'm talking to people.

      She keeps texting, not explaining further.77    INT. MA'S OLD BEDROOM - DAY                                  77Jack sits on the bed, watching Ma at her dressing table.    She
      is smartly dressed, her hair is fixed nicely.JACKWhy do you look like that?MAI'm dressed to go out, that's all.

      He watches MA force earrings through the healed piercings in
      her ears. It looks painful.JACKI don't like it.MAIt's just some clothes and makeup.77A   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - STAIRS - MOMENTS LATER                 77AJack follows Ma downstairs.MACome on, we need to get you ready.

      We follow them into ...77B   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - KITCHEN                                77BNancy cleans up in the kitchen. Ma and Jack come in. Ma finds
      the sunscreen and starts to apply it.(CONTINUED)77B   CONTINUED:                                              77BNANCYMaybe it's too much for him right
                now.MAIt's not too much for me. I need to
                go out, get some air.

      Ma starts to apply sunscreen to Jack.MA (CONT'D)(to Nancy)
                You could have a better attitude,
                you know.

      With some effort, Nancy holds her tongue.MA (CONT'D)You could support me in this.
                That's all I'm asking. I'm trying
                to take a step.NANCYYou don't have to do it so soon.
                You could wait and we could go
                together.

      Ma wipes her hands, dials a number on her phone.(CONTINUED)77B   CONTINUED: (2)                                          77B78    OMITTED                                                   7879    EXT/INT. STREET/LAURA'S CAR - DAY                         79A car is waiting. Inside, a young woman smiles and waves. Ma -
      holding a booster seat - cracks the door.MAOh my God!LAURAOh my God!

      The girls hug.LAURA (CONT'D)You look... Amazing. I can't
                believe you're here.MA(fastening Jack)
                I know. I know.LAURAI've missed you so much. I can't
                believe you're actually here. And
                look at Jack! What a sweetheart! He
                is so cute!

      Ma gets into the passenger seat.MAThis is too weird, sitting in this
                car right now.LAURAYou are such an amazing person,
                Joy. I have thought about you so
                much.(MORE)(CONTINUED)79   CONTINUED:                                                 79LAURA (CONT'D)And I am so happy you are here with
               me now. I cannot even tell you.MAI'm happy, too. And a little
               freaked out.LAURAYou just sit back. Relax. We'll
               take it nice and slow.

     We watch from the sidewalk as the car pulls away.80   OMITTED                                                    8081   INT. CAR - SOON                                            81The girls talk...LAURA...Tracy is doing so good. She got
               her teaching certificate and now
               she's teaching in Milwaukie, loving
               it. I saw her last summer and she
               is still so fun.MAI always liked her even though we
               never really hung out.LAURAShe liked you too.
                   (to Jack)
               Your Mom was very popular in
               school.MAThat's actually not true.(CONTINUED)81   CONTINUED:                                               81LAURAIf you weren't popular, I don't
               know who was.MASusan Torrey.LAURAThat's true.

     The girls laugh. Laura's phone rings and she answers.LAURA (CONT'D)Hey, I'm driving.

     Something pert/flirtatious comes into her tone.LAURA (CONT'D)(pause)
               We'll see.
                   (pause)
               You'll just have to, won't you?

     She hangs up.MAWho was that?LAURAJust someone I met at work. Not
               serious.MAWhat work do you do.LAURAReal estate. I mean I graduated
               Environmental Studies and I'm still
               super passionate about that - like
               what we're doing to this planet,
               but the whole property thing is
               exploding.82   EXT. MALL PARKING LOT - DAY                               82The car drifts around, eventually finds a spot. Ma, Jack and
     Laura emerge. Jack is facing away from the mall. He is held
     by the big open view of the car park and road network beyond.MA(taking his hand)
               Jack. This way. Just hold my hand.(CONTINUED)82   CONTINUED:                                               82They start to walk towards the entrance. Ma stops and
     crouches down. Puts her hands on Jack's shoulders and speaks
     tenderly.MA (CONT'D)You're going to be fine. OK?83   INT. MALL - MINUTES LATER                                 83They walk through the whooshing doors of the mall and step
     onto the ascending escalator. In the atrium, mobiles,
     banners, skylights. Teenagers, families, everyone scanning
     the myriad goods on display. At the top of the escalator Jack
     sees a huge array of fruit and vegetables outside a
     supermarket.

     Further along, they pass a bookstore. Jack spots a display of
     new Dylan the Digger books. He grabs one.JACKMa, it's Dylan!MAYou can't take that, Jack.JACKWhy?(CONTINUED)83   CONTINUED:                                               83MAIt doesn't belong to you.

     She takes the book from him and dumps it back in the display.MA (CONT'D)Come on. If you're good we can get
               another book, a new one on our way
               out.84   INT. CLOTHING STORE                                       84The girls cart Jack into the store among the hanging clothes
     and mirrors.

     They tear through the racks. Techno music throbs. The
     mannequins leer.

     For a moment Jack loses track of the girls. The clothes are
     everywhere.JACKMa! Ma!

     She reappears from behind a rack.MAI'm here. OK? Just calm down.JACKI was scared!MA(doing her best to be
                    reassuring)
               Don't be. This is normal. This is
               what people do.JACKI don't like it!MARemember your superpowers, alright,
               have fun. And no whining, OK?

     A clerk appears.CLERKHi, there. Anything I can help you
               with?(CONTINUED)84   CONTINUED:                                                  84MAI need some... (she looks around
               desperately)... some shoes.CLERKGreat. Shoes are all over there.
               Just let me know if you need
               anything else, okay?

     Ma goes and stares at the shoe display. Many colors, many
     styles. She's paralysed. Jack is close beside her.MAI don't know.JACKCan we get Dylan now?MAPlease, Jack.LAURAThese ones are kind of cute.MANo. I definitely don't want any of
               these. I'd never wear these.

     She grabs Jack's hand and drags him out of the store. Laura
     follows looking weirded-out.85   INT. MALL - LATER                                           85The trio hurries through the mall. Ma looks nervous, Laura
     concerned, Jack bewildered and angry.MA(barely paying attention)
               Are you hungry, Jack? You want
               something in the food court?
               They've got, I don't know, pizza
               and stuff.JACKI want Dylan. You said.MAI said if you were good.LAURAI could run and get it for him.(CONTINUED)85   CONTINUED:                                               85MANo. I said no, so he has to
               understand.

     They pass a Cinnabon outlet.MA (CONT'D)Jack, you want a Cinnabon? You
               smell that?JACKNo.MACinnabon is good. You might like
               it.LAURAI think we should just go.JACKI want Dylan. I want Dylan now.You
               said.MAYou are being really naughty Jack.

     Jack starts into a full on tantrum.MA (CONT'D)Suit yourself.

     She grabs him to carry him out, but he pulls away. All the
     noise has drawn the attention of the people around them. A
     couple of TEENAGERS approach Jack.TEENAGER(to Jack)
               Hey, are you that kid from the TV.MAGet the fuck away from him. Get the
               fuck away.86   INT. LAURA'S CAR - SOON                                      86Ma, Jack and Laura clamber into the car.LAURAOh my God. Oh. My. God.(CONTINUED)86   CONTINUED:                                                86MAShit, shit, shit. Those assholes.LAURABuckle up, Jack, all right?JACKI... I...He looks around, not knowing what to do.MAJesus Christ. Just buckle it, all
                  right?

     She leans over the seat and jerks the buckle on.MA (CONT'D)That's how it works, all right?JACKI don't like you in the world!MAWell maybe I don't like you either!

     Laura pauses, Ma glowers.MA (CONT'D)(angrily to Laura)
                  Just go!

     Laura backs out of the parking spot.87   INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT                                  87Jack sits with Nancy and Leo in the quiet room, playing
     Candyland.LEOOh, you got me on that one.NANCYYou guys want to start again?

     They set up the board again. Nancy spins the dial and moves
     her figure.NANCY (CONT'D)Here we go. My turn.

     They play.(CONTINUED)87   CONTINUED:                                               87NANCY (CONT'D)You know, it can be tough to be a
               Mom. Sometimes it's really tough,
               and you can get angry, but it
               doesn't mean you don't love your
               baby.

     Jack takes his turn.88   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY               88Jack sits with Dr. Mittal. After a little while, Nancy comes
     in.NANCYI'm sorry.

     Dr. Mittal stands.DR. MITTALOK. Let her rest. I'll see you
               again next week, Jack.

     Mittal and Nancy leave. Jack hears them talking quietly in
     the hall. Nancy describing Ma's behavior, sharing her
     worries.89   INT. BEDROOM - DAY                                           89Jack sits on the floor beside the bed watching Dora on
     Nancy's smart phone. Ma's who's been dozing sits up.MAJack. Please turn that off.
     Jack keeps watching.MA (CONT'D)Now. I mean it. Now.JACKI want to watch!MAJack! Please. Please. I'm begging
               you, please turn that off.

     Jack looks at her. She is twisted in pain at the sound of the
     show.

     Jack switches it off.(CONTINUED)89   CONTINUED:                                          89MA (CONT'D)It reminds me too much of Room. I
              can't have it.(CONTINUED)89   CONTINUED: (2)                                           89Jack ignores her.MA (CONT'D)You've got so many other things to
               play with. You should try something
               else.

     He won't respond.MA (CONT'D)Come on. Let's look at all your
               stuff.

     She drags him down to the living room.90   INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS                             90She points to a pile of boxes in the corner.MALook at all these toys. Most kids
               would love that stuff. You've
               barely even looked at them.JACKI don't want to.MACome on, Jack.

     He shuffles to the pile. Ma crouches - finds and rips open a
     box of Lego.MA (CONT'D)It's pretty cool, right? You like
               it?

     Nancy steps in beside her daughter.MA (CONT'D)He needs something real to do. I'm
               getting worried about him with the
               phone.NANCYHe's fine.MAI don't give him my phone so please
               don't give him yours.(CONTINUED)90   CONTINUED:                                                 90NANCYOK.MAI just want him to connect to
               something. You know?NANCYHe's really doing fine.

     Ma's aggression deserts her. She is distressed, afraid. She
     screws up her face, hides it in her hands.MAI'm sorry, I don't know what's
               happening to me. I can't feel
               anything. Even for ...

     Her hand flings towards Jack. She chokes her words back.NANCYJoy, please.MADon't judge me. You have no right.
               People walk around like the world
               is fine and normal but it's not.

     Nancy tries to put her hand on Ma's arm.MA (CONT'D)Don't! I can't bear it. I thought
               this would be heaven, but it's
               worse. Can you understand that?NANCYYou just need to rest.MA(recovering, closing the
                    crack of vulnerability)
               No I don't! That's not what I need.NANCYThat's what the Doctor...MA(wiping away tears)
               No! That's not what he said. You
               don't know what he said. That's
               confidential and you don't even
               know. Just forget it.(CONTINUED)90   CONTINUED: (2)                                              90NANCYI feel like you're impossible to
                talk to right now.MAOh, I'm sorry!NANCYNo, you're not sorry.MAYou think you know what's in my
                head. Trust me, you couldn't handle
                it.NANCYTell me and see. I've asked you.MASo you're seeing that every time
                you look at me? Great.NANCYYou're my daughter, that's what
                I'll see.MAYeah, well you seemed to get on OK
                without me.NANCYHow can you say that? You think
                you're the only one whose life was
                destroyed?MAActually, that's exactly what I
                think.NANCYHow would you feel if somebody took
                Jack from you?MA                               LEOShut up.                         Go easy.

     Jack puts his hands over his ears.NANCY (CONT'D)Look at him. You should be thinking
                about him.(CONTINUED)90   CONTINUED: (3)                                             90MADon't you ever tell me how to look
                  after my son. I'm sorry if I'm not
                  `nice' enough for you. Maybe if you
                  hadn't been in my head saying `be
                  nice' that day I wouldn't have gone
                  to help him.

     Nancy is horrified.MA (CONT'D)(storming out)
                  This isn't even my house anymore. I
                  don't know what this is.

     Ma leaves.    Jack shakes his head. Holds back tears.NANCYI'm sorry, Jack.

     Nancy moves to hug him but she sees Jack stiffen and she
     stops.91   EXT. BACK YARD - DAY                                         91Jack wanders the back yard.92   INT. MA AND JACK'S BEDROOM - DAY                             92Jack wanders in. Ma is sitting on the bed. She seems calmer.MACome here, Jack.

     He goes over and she wraps her arms around him. He cuddles
     into her.MA (CONT'D)You know, Jack, we're going to have
               to move away from here someday.
               We're going to have to get our own
               house. And a yard. We're going to
               have to do all kinds of things.93   EXT. HOUSE - DAY                                          93Cube vans rolling up. He sees a woman, slick, driven, 50s get
     out of an SUV. This is the Hostess, the same one we saw on TV
     in Room.94   OMITTED                                                   9495    OMITTED                                                      9596    INT. DINING ROOM - DAY                                       96Jack is fascinated by the machinery. The boxes, cords,
      tripods and lights.

      He stands near the camera crew, listening to them talk,
      watching them set up their gear.97    INT. LIVING ROOM -   LATER                                   97Jack, looking through the back window, watches the camera
      crew follow his mom and the hostess around the yard. They
      pretend to talk. Ma is dressed in her best outfit. Nancy
      approaches Jack.NANCYTime for you to go upstairs, Jack.
                Remember what your Mom said.98    INT. LEO'S DEN - LATER                                       98The house is quiet apart from two muffled voices. Jack looks
      over to see Leo asleep in a chair.99    OMITTED                                                      99100   INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS                                   100Jack creeps out of the room and down the hall. He walks down
      the stairs - gingerly, but on his feet.101   INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS                               101Jack edges into the living room, finding an enthralling
      circle of lights and cameras focussed on his mother and the
      hostess in their chairs.

      The center of the room is shadowless and ultra-vivid, exposed
      by many bounces and fills. Ma and the Hostess face each other
      in two armchairs brought in for the occasion.HOSTESSYou are an amazing, inspiring,
                courageous, beautiful young woman.(MORE)(CONTINUED)101   CONTINUED:                                        101HOSTESS (CONT'D)I know all our viewers are amazed
               by the intelligence and poise and
               endurance and inner strength you
               displayed during your ordeal.(MORE)(CONTINUED)101   CONTINUED: (2)                                          101HOSTESS (CONT'D)Truly, an amazing test of
                character.MAThank you. Thank you so much. I
                hope they all know how much their
                thoughts and prayers have meant the
                last few weeks. To our whole
                family.

      Jack is enthralled.HOSTESSAnd Jack. Your son. By all accounts
                he is a normal, high-functioning,
                happy little boy. Amazing.MAHe is. He's my life. I never could
                have survived without him.HOSTESSYou made life as normal and
                nurturing as you could given the
                environment. You gave him a
                childhood. How did you manage to do
                that?MAI... I didn't think about it. I
                didn't plan it. When I found out I
                was pregnant with Jack, it just
                seemed like a terrible joke. You
                know? To bring someone into that
                place, it just seemed so wrong. I
                was in a very scary frame of mind.
                I thought the devil was controlling
                my life. In a way he was.

      Ma makes an effort to control her emotions.HOSTESSAre you okay?LAWYER(interjecting)
                I'm getting the feeling my client
                needs to -

      Without taking her eyes off Ma, the Hostess holds her palm
      out to the lawyer. Her tone is brusque, matter of fact.(CONTINUED)101   CONTINUED: (3)                                             101HOSTESSJust a minute, please.MAThen, everything was different once
                Jack came, because he was so
                beautiful and I had to keep him
                safe.

      Ma, calmer, pulling herself together.HOSTESSWhen he's older will you talk to
                him about his father.MAJack's not his.

      The Hostess thinks she's getting an astonishing scoop.HOSTESSI beg your pardon, are you -MA (OVERLAPPING)A father's a man who loves his kid.HOSTESSSo true, in a very real sense, but
                the genetic relationship -MA (OVERLAPPING)That's not a relationship. Jack's
                nobody's but mine.

      The Hostess decides to change tack.HOSTESSYou breastfed Jack for five years -
                in fact, viewers may be startled to
                learn that you still do.MAIn this whole story, that's the
                shocking detail?

      The hostess looks over a a colleague, down at her notes.HOSTESSDid it ever occur to you to ask
                your captor to take Jack away?MAAway?(CONTINUED)101   CONTINUED: (4)                                             101HOSTESSTo leave him outside a hospital,
                say, so he'd be found.MAWhy would I -HOSTESS (OVERLAPPING)So Jack could be free. The ultimate
                sacrifice, of course, but for him
                to have a normal childhood...MAHe had me.

      She starts to stand, dragging her mic pack with her. The
      lawyer steps in. Chaos.102   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING                      102Later. Hushed. Jack eating at the table. Leo reads the
      sports pages nearby, a silent companion.

      Jack can hear Ma, in the lounge, talking low to Nancy. He
      recognizes low sobs: Ma is crying.

      Jack stops eating halfway through a mouthful, can't swallow.103   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - MA'S OLD ROOM - NIGHT                  103Night. Jack wakes, sensing himself alone. No Ma in the bed:
      he touches the mark her body's left. No Ma in the room.104   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - LANDING - MOMENTS LATER                104Jack walks on tiptoe down the landing.

      The last door is the bathroom, and there's a crack of light.

      Jack taps very quietly on the door, remembering the rule.JACKMa?

      He goes to the top of the stairs and considers descending.

      Then he creeps back to the bathroom, whispers a bit louder.JACK (CONT'D)Ma?(CONTINUED)104   CONTINUED:                                                104He tries the handle, but the door opens only a few inches.
      Frightened he starts to bang on the door.JACK (CONT'D)(shouting)
                Ma! Ma!

      An adult torso, Leo's, comes into the frame, driving with
      full force against the door which gives a little. Jack puts
      his face to the gap and sees Ma's hair spread out on the
      floor.105   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - LANDING - NIGHT                      105A little later. Jack gets glimpses of chaos: on the bathroom
      floor, TWO PARAMEDICS working on Ma (who responds just enough
      that we know she's not dead), Nancy in the bathroom doorway,
      Leo trying to calm her.

      But no sound.   It's as if Jack has been deafened by an
      explosion.

      Later: as Ma is carried out in the background, Jack sits on
      the floor. We push in on him; he is hypnotized by the
      flashing ambulance lights on the wall.106   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - MA'S OLD ROOM - DAY                  106JACK (V.O.)There's so much of place in the
                world, there's less time because
                the time has to be spread extra
                thin over all the places like
                butter, so all the persons say
                hurry up, let's get going, pick up
                the pace, finish up now. Ma was in
                a hurry to go boing up to heaven
                but she forgot me, Dumbo Ma, so the
                aliens threw her back down
                craaaaaaaash and broke her.

      Next morning. Jack in a ball on the bed. He opens his fist;
      Bad Tooth, all he has of Ma.

      In the background we hear the phone ringing.LEO (O.S.)(from hallway)
                Hello?
                    (pause)
                Jack, come here. It's for you.107   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS          107Jack arrives. Leo holds out the phone. A pause then Jack
      takes it, holds it too far away: his first call.NANCY (FILTERED)Hi, Jack. I've got someone who
                wants to talk to you...MA (FILTERED)Is he there? Put him on.LEOHe's on. He's waiting.MA (FILTERED)Jack?JACKMa?

      She struggles to get control of her voice.MA (FILTERED)Are you doing OK?

      Jack is stumped by this question.JACKCome back.MA (FILTERED)What's that?JACK(louder)
                Come back now.MA (FILTERED)I wish I could. I just need to -JACK (OVERLAPPING)I pick. I pick for both of us.(CONTINUED)107     CONTINUED:                                              107Ma breaks down in sobs.

        Jack hands the phone to Leo who talks to Nancy in murmurs.107A    INT. MA'S OLD BEDROOM - CUBBYHOLE - EVENING             107AJack sits in the space under the roof in Ma's bedroom playing
        with Lego.107B    INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - LOUNGE - NIGHT                     107BJack watches TV with Nancy and Leo107C    OMITTED                                                 107C107D    INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - DOWNSTAIRS VARIOUS                 107DJack mopes around the house. Nancy and Leo give him space.107DA   INT. MA'S OLD BEDROOM - DAY                            107DAJack wakes up alone.

        Minutes later we see him enter Ma's walk-in closet. Sounds of
        things being shifted around inside.107E    INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - LANDING                            107EJack walks out to the landing with Ma's box of memorabilia.
        Moments later, journals and photos are spread around him. He
        examines her year-books, photos of her as a child his own
        age.108     EXT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - DAY                         108A week has passed and the outside of the house is completely
        clear of press/onlookers. Nancy's car pulls up. She get's
        out, let's Jack out of the back seat and the two of them
        carry shopping bags to the front door. A NEIGHBOR waves.NEIGHBORBeen shopping.NANCYYes we have. We're making cupcakes.109   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - A LITTLE LATER    109Nancy and Jack bake companionably in the kitchen. Jack stands
      on a chair.NANCYYou know how to beat eggs, Jack?JACKSure. I did it before. In Room.(CONTINUED)109   CONTINUED:                                          109NANCYDid you? Wow. What else did you do
                there.JACKLots of things. I miss it
                sometimes.NANCYWasn't it awfully small.

      Jack shakes his head.JACKUh uh, it went every direction all
                the way to the end. It never
                finished. And Ma was always there.(CONTINUED)109   CONTINUED: (2)                                           109NANCYOK.JACKIt was small in wardrobe.NANCYWhat did you do in wardrobe?JACKSleep. When Old Nick came.

      Beat.JACK (CONT'D)I want to see Ma.NANCYI know. She just needs to be on her
                own a little while.

      We hear the front door closing.LEO (O.S.)Hey Jack. There's someone here
                who'd like to meet you.

      Jack hops down from his chair.110   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS        110Jack walks out into the hallway and stops dead. Leo is
      standing there holding a small terrier dog.LEOJack, meet Seamus. Would you like
                to pet him?

      Jack approaches cautiously, reaches a hand gingerly to pet
      the dog, withdraws, reaches again and pets him. Nancy appears
      in the background. Jack sees her.JACKI could just go in and tell her
                about Seamus. Only for a minute. Or
                I could just look at her.LEOCome on, let's get this guy some
                air after being all stuffed up in
                the car.111   OMITTED   111112   EXT. PLAYGROUND - DAY                                     112Jack tentatively climbs on a frame in a playground. Leo
      watches, with Seamus on a leash.113   INT. FRONT LIVING ROOM - DAY                              113Nancy is reading. Jack enters.JACKGrandma.NANCYYes?JACKI need the scissors.NANCYWhat for?JACKFor cutting my hair.NANCYYou really want to do that?JACKI want to send it to Ma.NANCYWhy?JACKShe needs my strong more than me.
                So I want to send it to her. Or you
                could take it to her.

      Nancy is moved.NANCYI can help you if you'd like.JACKThat would be great.(CONTINUED)113   CONTINUED:                                                113NANCYOkay. Let's do this right. I've
                wanted to cut that hair a very long
                time.114   INT. NANCY'S KITCHEN - LATER                               114Jack sits in a chair with a sheet around his neck.

      Nancy clips his hair.NANCYI used to cut your mother's hair
                all the time. And your Grandpa's
                hair. I've still got it.JACKYou think this will work? Can my
                strong be her strong too? I'm not
                really sure if it works that way.NANCYOf course it does. We all help each
                other stay strong. No one is strong
                alone. You and your mom, you help
                each other through, don't you?JACKYes.NANCYAnd you and me. And you and Leo.
                And Leo and me. We all have the
                same strong.(CONTINUED)114   CONTINUED:                                              114JACKI guess we do.NANCYOk, here goes.

      Jack closes his eyes as Nancy cuts off his pony tail.115   INT. BATHROOM                                            115Jack is leaning his head back on the round lip of the
      bathroom sink. She turns on the water.NANCYNow lean back.

      The water is nicely warm now.NANCY (CONT'D)This is the best part.

      She pours water over his head, and shampoos him.NANCY (CONT'D)Feels good, doesn't it?

      He closes his eyes and nods. She pours more water. And more.
      His face is rosy with the heat.JACKI love you, Grandma.NANCYI love you, Jack.116   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY                         116Jack is drawing a multicolored picture.

      He uses all the colors of the crayon box.

      The picture of a house grows in colors and dimensions. The
      door is green. The windows orange. The roof red.117   EXT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - BACK YARD - DAY               117Jack plays with the Neighbor Boy and Seamus in the garden. He
      hears a tap tap tap and looks round. Ma is watching him
      through the glass back door. He runs to her as she opens the
      door. They greet each other with nervous joy, without words.118   INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - MA'S BEDROOM - SOON           118Jack and Ma sit beside each other on the bed.MAI'm sorry, Jack.JACKThat's OK.

      He thinks.JACK (CONT'D)Don't do it again.MAI promise.JACKAre you better now?MAStarting to be.

      She strokes his short hair then reaches into her bag and
      takes out his ponytail.MA (CONT'D)I'll always keep this with me,
                   Jack.(MORE)(CONTINUED)118   CONTINUED:                                              118MA (CONT'D)I will never, ever let it go. When
                Grandma brought it to me, I... I
                knew I could get well. You saved
                me. Again.

      They sit placidly a moment. He reaches for her shirt.JACKCan I...?MASorry. There's none left.

      Jack think for a bit, accepts the new situation.JACKOK.MAI'm not a good enough Ma.JACKBut you're Ma.MAI am.

      She puts her arm around him. They sit in a gentle silence.JACKI'm going to play with Aaron now.
                He's my friend.

      Ma hugs him hard before he leaves.119   EXT. BEACH - DAY                                         119Ma and Jack look out to sea.JACK (V.O.)When I was four I didn't even know
                about the world and now me and Ma
                are going to live in it forever and
                ever till we're dead.120    INT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY                120Ma and Jack water their new African Violet.JACK (V.O.)This is a street in a city in a
                 country called America on the earth
                 that's a blue and green planet
                 always spinning so I don't know why
                 we don't fall off. Then there's
                 Outer Space, and nobody knows
                 where's heaven.120A   INT. NANCY'S HOUSE - LOUNGE - NIGHT                       120AMa and Nancy are curled up together on the sofa. Leo is
       there, too. The adults laugh as Jack fools around with
       Seamus.121    INT. NANCY'S CAR - DAY                                    121Ma and Jack are parked outside a Mom & Pop Burger Joint. They
       eat in the car.JACK (V.O.)Ma and I have decided that because
                 we don't know what we like we get
                 to try everything.122    EXT. SUBURBS -   NIGHT                                    122Jack and Ma walk in the darkness through quiet suburban
       streets.123    EXT. NANCY AND LEO'S HOUSE - DAY                          123Ma and Jack sit in a hammock in the back yard. The weather is
       turning warmer.JACKWe have so many things to do.
                 Flying in an airplane.MADefinitely. Making new friends.

       Pause.(CONTINUED)123   CONTINUED:                                               123JACKCan we go back to Room?

      Ma looks concerned.JACK (CONT'D)Just for a visit.124   INT. POLICE CAR - DAY                                    124A police car pulls up outside Old Nick's. Jack, Ma and
      Officer Parker get out. They stare at the house, still
      surrounded by crime-scene tape.OFFICER PARKERFollow me, guys.125   INT. OLD NICK'S HOUSE - LOUNGE - DAY                     125The car port is now sealed off and the only way out back it
      through the house. Jack follows Ma and Officer Parker inside.
      It's tidy (except for a desk ransacked by police),
      anonymously banal: a leather suite, a cross-trainer, a flat-
      screen TV.126   EXT. OLD NICK'S HOUSE - BACK YARD - DAY                  126They step out into the back yard. Jack's gaze moves to the
      grey shed. A double-take: it's Room.

      With an enormous bulldozer beside it.(CONTINUED)126   CONTINUED:                                                 126JACK(to himself)
                Dylan!

      Ma heads for the shed, Jack right behind her.

      Officer Parker stands nearby. There's a MALE OFFICER there
      also, guarding the scene.127   INT. ROOM - DAY                                            127They step in. Drawings stripped off the walls, furniture
      shifted: the magic's gone. Jack stares and sniffs the air.JACKThis isn't Room. Has it gotten
                shrinked? Our friends...MATaken away for evidence.
                    (explaining)
                Proof that we were here.

      Jack retraces their track marks around the bed. He draws a J
      in the fingerprint powder on the table.

      Their Plant is all shrivelled. Jack strokes it.

      Under the bed, he finds Eggsnake; touches the needle tongue.

      He comes back to the doorway, where Ma stands frozen. He
      measures his height with his hand: an inch over the 5.

      He hears bird song from the yard; patter of rain.JACKIt's because Door's open.MAWhat?JACKIt can't really be Room if Door's
                open.MADo you - would you like it closed?

      Jack shakes his head.(CONTINUED)127   CONTINUED:                                              127MA (CONT'D)I have to go now. Is there...
                anything you need?

      Jack looks around at the detritus of his childhood. Then he
      walks to the wall behind the bed and pats it.JACKBye-bye.MAJack -

      He goes around Room fast, whispering his bye-byes.MA (CONT'D)Please, Jack.

      He looks up at the skylight, rain running down it. He climbs
      onto the table.JACKBye-bye.
                    (to Ma)
                Say bye-bye to Room.

      Ma says it but on mute.128   EXT. OLD NICK'S HOUSE - BACK YARD - DAY                  128Crane up as Jack and Ma emerge from the shed, hand in hand,
      and walk away without looking back.FADE OUT.