Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon

				by

	Wang Hui Ling, James Schamus, Tsai Kuo Jung

				based on the novel by

				Wang Du LuEXT. YUAN COMPOUND - DAYSecurity men and porters are loading wagons for a convoy.
As they work, we see across the lake a lone horseman entering
the village.  One of the men recognizes him.WORKERMaster Li is here!

ANGLE ON: Li Mu Bai, thirties, powerful and handsome.

In the background, old Aunt Wu, at the sight of Li Mu Bai,
drops her parcels and runs excitedly into the building.INT. YUAN HALLWAY - DAYAunt Wu runs hurriedly through the halls.AUNT WUShu Lien!INT. YU'S ROOM - DAYYu, a beautiful woman in her early 30s, is finishing packing
for the convoy, wrapping a few small items in a linen
wrapper, as Aunt Wu bursts in.AUNT WULi Mu Bai is here!INT. YUAN PRACTICE HALL - DAYLIHow's everything?AUNT WUFine.  Please come in.

Yu sits, composed, as Aunt Wu ushers Li in.  Li carries a
large object, wrapped in silk.

Yu smiles.YUMu Bai...It's been too long.LIIt has.
			(he glances around
			the room)
		How's business?YUGood.  And how are you?LIFine.

An awkward pause.YUMonk Zheng said you were at Wudan
		Mountain.  He said you were
		practicing deep meditation.LIYes.YUThe mountain must be so peaceful...
		I envy you.  My work keeps me so
		busy, I hardly get any rest.LII left the training early.YUWhy?  You're a Wudan fighter.
		Training is everything.LIDuring my meditation training... I
		came to a place of deep silence...
		I was surrounded by light... Time
		and space disappeared.  I had come
		to a place my master had never told
		me about.YUYou were enlightened?LINo.  I didn't feel the bliss of
		enlightenment.  Instead... I was
		surrounded by an endless sorrow.  I
		couldn't bear it.  I broke off my
		meditation.  I couldn't go on.
		There was something... pulling me
		back.YUWhat was it?LISomething I can't let go of.  You
		are leaving soon?YUWe're preparing a convoy for a
		delivery to Peking.LIPerhaps I could ask you to deliver
		something to Sir Te for me.

Li unwraps the object.  It is an ancient, astonishingly
beautiful sword.YUThe Green Destiny Sword?  You're
		giving it to Sir Te?LII am.  He has always been our
		greatest protector.YUI don't understand.  How can you
		part with it?  It has always been
		with you.LIToo many men have died at its edge.
		It only looks pure because blood
		washes so easily from its blade.YUYou use it justly, you're worthy of
		it.LIIt's time for me to leave it behind.YUSo what will you do now?

Li doesn't reply.YUCome with me to Peking.  You can
		give the sword to Sir Te yourself.
		It'll be just like old times.LIFirst I must visit my master's
		grave.  It's been many years since
		Jade Fox murdered him.  I have yet
		to avenge his death.  And yet I'm
		thinking of quitting.  I must pray
		for his forgiveness.YUJoin me once you have finished.  I
		can wait for you in Peking.LIPerhaps.EXT. THE GATE TO PEKING. DAYCustoms officials have just finished checking the contents
in a row of carriages bearing the Sun Security insignia.
The caravan slowly passes through the checkpoint into the
boundaries of Peking.  Yu, riding a handsome horse and
clearly the leader, watches as her crew clears inspection.GUARDSOk.  Pass.YUThanks.  Let's go into the city.EXT. OUTSIDE A DEPOT. DAYWorkers are busy unloading the contents from the carriages.
Boss Giao is checking off the merchandise -- a cargo of
medicinal herbs.GIAOEverything got here safely.  I'm
		much obliged.YUJust doing my job.GIAOSun Security has been the best
		since your father started it.
		You're a credit to his memory.YUThank you.GIAOI mean it.EXT. DAY. PEKINGFrom a gray tiled roof, we can see Peking's magnificent grid
of houses extending miles and miles out, freshly painted by
the morning sun.EXT. PEKING STREET. DAYDusty and congested as always, people, horses, and carriages
are fighting to get through the boulevards.

A group of jugglers perform at a corner.

Yu surveys the busy street from on top of her horse.INT. TE'S GREAT HALL - DAYYu presents the sword to Sir Te.SIR TEThis is Li's personal sword, a
		great hero's weapon!  He is the
		only one in the world worthy of
		carrying it.  It's too fine a gift.
		I cannot accept it.YUSir Te!  It has brought him as much
		trouble as glory.  Help him to
		leave these troubles behind.
		Otherwise, he'll never be able to
		start anew.SIR TEAll right.  I'll act as the sword's
		custodian.

De Lu, the head servant, enters.DE LUGovernor Yu has arrived.SIR TEI must change.YU(getting up)
		You've always been so good to Li Mu
		Bai and me.  Please accept our
		thanks.SIR TEPlease do not be such a stranger.
		You'll stay the night as my guest.
		Now, Shu Lien... tell me something.
		And forgive me for prying.  Your
		father was a great friend to me,
		and I think of you as my own
		daughter.YUPlease, Sir Te, what is it?SIR TELi Mu Bai giving up his sword and
		his warrior days... maybe he's
		trying to tell you something?YUI don't know...SIR TEDon't be coy.  I've always known
		about your feelings for each other.
		All these years, it's a shame...
		neither of you is brave enough to
		admit the truth to the other.
		You're both wasting precious time.YUI beg your pardon.  Li Mu Bai and I
		aren't cowards.SIR TEWhen it comes to emotions, even
		great heroes can be idiots.  Tell
		me if Li Mu Bai is not more open
		the next time you see him.  I'll
		give him an earful!INT. TE'S STUDY - DAYYu and De Lu approach the study.DE LUSir Te said to leave the sword in
		here.

De Lu opens the door and is startled to find a young woman
inside.  The woman is studying the sheets of calligraphy
hanging on the walls.DE LUWho are you?JENI'm your guest today.  I am Governor
		Yu's daughter.DE LUThis is Sir Te's study.  You are
		here to...JENI was looking for a quiet corner.DE LUI am Sir Te's head servant.  And
		this is another of our guests.INT. TE'S STUDY - DAYYu gently lays the sword, still in its sheath, in Jen's hands.JENIt's heavy for such a thin piece of
		metal!YUThe handle is heavy.  And the blade
		is no ordinary metal.  Still, the
		sword is the lightest of weapons.
		You're just not used to handling it.JENBut I have had much practice.  As a
		child in the West, a platoon lived
		with us.  They'd let me play with
		their weapons.  The scabbard is so
		beautiful.YUBeautiful but dangerous.  Once you
		see it tainted with blood, its
		beauty is hard to admire.  It's 400
		years old.JENExquisite!  You said it belongs to...YUMy friend Li Mu Bai.  He's given it
		to Sir Te as a gift.JENLi Mu Bai!  The famous warrior?
		Why would he give his sword to Sir
		Te?YUYou're too young to understand.JENYou're a sword fighter too?

Yu yanks the sword out of the sheath.  An eerie sound
resonates within the study.  Jen is even more impressed.YUYes, I am.  But I prefer the
		machete.  Certain moves, however,
		call for a sword.JENReally?

Yu puts the sword back in the case.JEN(longingly)
		It must be exciting to be a fighter,
		to be totally free!YUFighters have rules too: friendship,
		trust, integrity... Without rules,
		we wouldn't survive for long.JENI've read all about people like you.
		Roaming wild, beating up anyone who
		gets in your way!YUWriters wouldn't sell many books if
		they told how it really is.JENBut you're just like the characters
		in the stories.YUSure.  No place to bathe for days,
		sleeping in flea-infested beds...
		They tell you all about that in
		those books?JENYou know what I mean.  I'm getting
		married soon, but I haven't lived
		the life I want.YUSo I heard.  Congratulations.  It's
		the most important step in a
		woman's life, isn't it?JENYou're not married, are you?YUWhat do you think?JENNo!  You couldn't roam around
		freely if you were.YUYou're probably right.

Yu studies Jen.  The room falls silent for a moment.EXT. SIDE COURT YARD - DAYIt's dusk and the sky is beautiful orange and purple.  Jen
is leaving the study escorted by her maid.  She turns to Yu
for a final good-bye.  Yu seems intrigued by the encounter.EXT. SIR TE'S COMPOUND - NIGHTTwo lighted lanterns are raised up.INT. TE'S STUDY - NIGHTSir Te hands the sword to Governor Yu.SIR TEGo ahead, Governor Yu.

Governor Yu is impressed by the opulence and elegance of the
sword.  He closes his eyes to guess the weight of the sword.
Te snubs out the flame from a candle, then slides the sword
out from its sheath.  The sword gives off a luminous blue
glow in the dark.SIR TETwo feet 9 inches long.  1 inch
		wide.  The handle is 1 inch deep,
		2.6 inches wide.  Seven-tenths of
		an inch thick.  With seven rubies
		missing from the hilt.  You can
		tell the design dates back to
		before the Chin era.  Engraved with
		a technique lost by the time of the
		Han Dynasty.GOVERNOR YUYour knowledge is remarkable, Sir Te.SIR TEA sword by itself rules nothing.
		It comes alive only through skillful
		manipulation.GOVERNOR YUI see your point.  Please continue.SIR TEThe Imperial Court isn't the
		problem.  With royalty and officials
		everywhere, the Royal Guard keeps
		security tight.  But Peking is not
		like the West.  Here, you'll find
		all sorts of characters.  Proceed
		with caution in your quest for law
		and order.  Don't depend only on
		the court.  Contacts in the Giang
		Hu underworld can ensure your
		position.  Be strong, yet supple.
		This is the way to rule.INT. JEN'S ROOM - NIGHTA maid warms her hands in a basin of hot water for Jen, then
walks over to Jen and helps remove her earrings.  Someone
knocks and the maid goes to answer the door.MAIDGoverness...GOVERNESSLet me do it.

The maid leaves as the governess enters the room.JENPlease sit.GOVERNESSI've made you silk pajamas.  Do you
		want to change into them?JENPut them down.GOVERNESSI heard you met Shu Lien today.JENDo you know her?GOVERNESSShe's one of those.  Your mother
		would not want you consorting with
		her kind.

Jen shoots her an angry look.JENI'll socialize with whomever I
		please.GOVERNESSDon't invite danger into your
		father's house.

She's about to say something, then thinks better of it.JENI'm tired now.GOVERNESSGo to bed then.  Miss has grown up,
		and is getting married soon.  God
		knows what the future will bring.JENIt will be just the same.  Enough!
		I'm tired.GOVERNESSAutumn is coming.  I'll shut the
		windows for you.

The governess leaves.  Jen sits on the side of her bed,
thinking.EXT. TE'S COMPOUND - NIGHTA wide shot of the compound.  A patrol man greets Master Bo,
Sir Te's head of security.  The place is serene.MASTER BOChilly, eh?NIGHTMANYes, Master Bo.

As Bo walks on, shadows rustle in a treetop in the background.EXT./INT. INSIDE AND OUTSIDE OF TE'S STUDY - NIGHTA masked figure silently opens the window and enters the
room.  It moves swiftly to the sword case, opens it, and
wraps the sword.

Bo enters, sees the thief, who leaps up to the ceiling.  The
thief steps over Bo and out into the courtyard.  Bo tries to
stop the thief, who easily outwits him, jumping onto the
roof as Bo yells out.BOSomeone help!  Stop him!  He's on
		the roof!  The sword's been stolen!
		Stop thief!  Stop him!

The thief skips a few times and jumps off to a side street.

Bo grabs a pole and runs, as gongs begin to sound, alerting
people to the theft.  People rush outside, Yu Shu Lien among
them.EXT. PEKING STREET - NIGHTBo runs through the streets.  The thief is nowhere in sight.
Suddenly, there are sounds of weapons clashing.  Bo hurries
towards the source.EXT. AN ALLEY OUTSIDE GOVERNOR YU'S COMPOUND - NIGHTBo is surprised to see the hooded figure battling with two
other fighters -- Tsai (male, 40s) and May, his daughter.TSAIIt's Jade Fox!MAYWe must avenge mother!

The hooded figure does a gravity defying flip and soars over
a wall, just as Bo arrives.BODo something!  He's getting away!EXT. PEKING ROOFTOP - NIGHTThe thief runs atop a roof -- right into Yu.  Yu and the
hooded figure face off.YUReturn the sword, and I'll let you
		go.

The figure just regards her, slightly shifting weight.

Yu attacks, but the figure repels her.YUYou've been trained at Wudan?

The figure answers by leaping to another rooftop.  Yu
catches up, and resumes her attack with a relentless series
of lightning-quick blows.EXT. ALLEY OUTSIDE GOVERNOR YU'S COMPOUND - NIGHTBo follows Tsai and May, who are quickly walking away.TSAIYou're mistaken.  We're just street
		performers.  We were rehearsing.MAYFather!BOYou were rehearsing?  Who are you
		trying to fool?

May wants to respond but is again cut off by Tsai.  They run
off.BOWhere did that thief go?

Bo looks around and discovers he had chased the thief into
Governor Yu's compound.BOGovernor Yu's house!EXT. ROOF TOPYu and the Black Figure continue to fight.YUGet down here!  Give back the sword!EXT. GOVERNOR YU'S - NIGHTYu slowly gets the upper hand in her fight with the thief.
A small arrow cuts across the night and flies toward Yu.
She catches it, but the masked figure takes the opportunity
to get away.

Yu pauses to feel the arrow in her hand, standing in the
empty courtyard.EXT. TE'S SIDE ENTRANCE - DAYDe Lu escorts Yu into Te's.DE LUSir Te awaits you.INT. TE'S GREAT HALL - DAYMen are standing at attention.  Bo is giving his account of
what happened, as Yu enters.BOI'm sure the thief is in the Yu
		household.SIR TEHow dare you imply?BOBut I say --SIR TE-- Enough.

The men hustle out.  Bo can barely contain his frustration.YUHas Governor Yu ever seen the sword?SIR TEYes, though I doubt he's involved
		in this.YUBut the sword could be in his
		compound.SIR TEThen someone's trying to set him up.
		We should inform Li Mu Bai.EXT. OUTSIDE GOVERNOR YU'S COMPOUND - NIGHTMadam Yu is returning from temple.  The governess is helping
her out of the carriage.  Servants are peeling bills off a
wall across the street.MADAM YUWhat is it?MAIDMadam Yu, someone's put up posters.

A partially torn flyer with the words "Jade Fox will not
escape justice!" is seen on the ground.MADAM YULet me see.GOVERNESSSomeone is after Jade Fox.
		Preposterous, looking for her here!

Madam Yu nods and walks inside, as the Governess tosses the
flyer away and follows her.

A hand scoops up the flyer -- it is Yu.  She studies it,
then puts it in her pocket, and moves on.EXT. BRIDGE - DAYBo is searching for the Tsais.  The bridge is full of
jugglers.  But the two are nowhere to be found.EXT. PEKING STREET - DAYBo quizzes a homeless man.BOWhere are they?HOMELESS MANI don't know.  I haven't seen them
		in two days.

Bo is about to give up when he looks up and sees May walking
quickly into an alley.  Bo follows her.EXT. IN FRONT OF TSAI'S HOUSEMay walks into a dilapidated house surrounded by a broken-
down bamboo fence.  Bo inches closer and sees May and Tsai
oiling their weapons.INT. BO'S ROOM - DAYJen practices calligraphy.  The governess is by her side
embroidering and throwing occasional glances at Jen.  The
maid enters.MAIDThere is a Miss Shu Lien here to
		see you.

Jen stops and looks up at them.GOVERNESSMiss is busy right now.MAIDI'll tell her.JENShow her in.

The governess shoots her a look.GOVERNESSThis spells trouble.JENI have a guest.

The governess gets up to leave just as the maid shows Yu in.MAIDThis way please.

The governess and Yu exchange quick glances.  The governess
bows slightly and departs.JENI've missed you.YUHow so?JENI'm bored.

Yu sees the calligraphy.YUYou're doing calligraphy?JENI'll write your name.  Just for fun.

Jen writes Yu's name with great confidence and swiftness.YUI never realized my name looks like
		"sword."

Jen freezes slightly.YUYou write gracefully.  Calligraphy
		is so similar to fencing.JENMaybe it is.  I wouldn't know.

The maid enters with tea.JENPlease.YUThank you for seeing me.  I hear
		your wedding day is near.  You must
		be overwhelmed by the preparations.JENI'm hardly doing a thing.  The less
		I think of it the better.  My
		parents are arranging everything.
		The Gous are a very powerful family.
		My marrying one will be good for my
		father's career.YUYou are fornuate to marry into such
		a noble family.JENAm I?  I wish I were like the
		heroes in the books I read.  Like
		you and Li Mu Bai.  I guess I'm
		happy to be marrying.  But to be
		free to live my own life, to choose
		whom I love... That is true
		happiness.YUDo you think so?  Let me tell you a
		story.JENAbout you and Li Mu Bai?YUYes.  Did you know I was once
		engaged to be married?JENNo, really?YUHis name was Meng Si Zhao.  He was
		a brother to Li Mu Bai by oath.
		One day, while in battle, he was
		killed by the sword of Li Mu Bai's
		enemy.  After, Li Mu Bai and I went
		through a lot together.  Our
		feelings for each other grew
		stronger.  But how could we dishonor
		Meng's memory?  So the freedom you
		talk about, I too desire it.  But I
		have never tasted it.JENToo bad for Meng, but it's not your
		fault, or Li Mu Bai's.YUI am not an aristocrat, as you
		are... but I must still respect a
		woman's duties.JENDon't distance us.  From now on,
		let's be like sisters.YUThen as a sister, let me wish you
		happiness in your marriage.EXT. YU'S GARDEN - DAYThe maid escorts Yu out.  Yu pauses, looks around, and sees
the profile of the Governess peering at her from around a
corner.INT. JEN'S ROOM - NIGHTMoonlight spills into the room, as Jen rises sleeplessly
from bed and looks out the window.  A light breeze stirs her
hair.  The sound of the wind rises, and slowly her face
dissolves, into...INT./EXT. CARRIAGE/MONGOLIAN DESERT - DAY...the face of a younger, less sophisticated Jen, as she
lets the dry desert air flow through her hair.  She sits in
a carriage, part of a caravan, with guards on horseback,
that is traveling through the spectacular desert.  Across
from her sits her mother, of whom she is barely cognizant.MADAM YUWhat a godforsaken place!  Can't
		your father be appointed closer to
		civilization?  Jen... are you
		listening to me?

Jen is still looking out the side of the carriage, at a
beautiful mountainside.INT. JEN'S ROOM - NIGHTJen sighs, and turns back toward her bed.EXT. STREET OUTSIDE GOVERNOR YU'S COMPOUND - NIGHTTsai and May have been sitting, hidden in the branches of a
tree, watching Jen.TSAILet's go!

They drop down silently and walk away.  From another rooftop,
Lo looks silently on.EXT. TSAI'S HOUSE - NIGHTTsai and May enter the house.INT. TSAI'S HOUSE - NIGHTInside the tiny house, they discover a hooded figure going
through their belongings.

Immediately Tsai throws a knife, which rips off the figure's
mask -- revealing Bo.  Tsai has another long knife at his
throat.TSAIWho are you?BOWait!  I'm a friend!

Tsai pauses.INT. TSAI'S HOUSE - NIGHT (LATER)May fans a small coal-fired grill that is boiling a sizzling
pot of vegetable and meatball soup.  Her father and Bo are
now friendly dinner companions, much to May's delight.TSAII don't care about your sword.BOWhy were you spying on the Yus?TSAII'm looking for someone.  Jade Fox.
		I'm a police inspector from Shaan
		Xi, Gen Su district.  Jade Fox is a
		master criminal.  I hear she
		infiltrated the Yus.  She must have
		come with them when they transferred
		here.  But with Yu's reputation, I
		can't just go in and accuse her.BOThis Jade Fox is a woman?TSAIYes.BOThen leave her to me.TSAIPardon me, but I doubt you can
		handle her.  My wife was quite a
		martial arts expert.  Jade Fox
		killed her.  So you see, this is
		personal.  Leave her to me.MAYIt's ready!
			(re: the soup)BOI'm ready for anything!

Bo fishes into the pot with his chopsticks.  May intercepts
him with her own chopsticks.MAYFather gets first dip.

Tsai stiffens and snaps his chopsticks, not to pick up a
meatball but to catch an incoming dart.  A dart wrapped with
a note.  Bo jumps up.TSAIThey're gone.MAYWhat does it say?TSAI"We'll settle this at midnight on
		Yellow Hill."  Good, the fox is out
		of her hole.INT. TE'S STUDY - NIGHTYu is ushered into the room, to discover Sir Te talking to
another man, whose back is to her.SIR TEShu Lien, look who's here.

The man turns around -- it's Li Mu Bai.EXT. TE'S HALL - NIGHTYu and Li Mu Bai sit together.LISir Te believes it's a ploy cast
		suspicion on Governor Yu.YUBut something is going on at the Yu
		household.LIWhat have you discovered?

From her sleeve, Yu removes the flyer.  Li takes it, his
face darkening.LIJade Fox?  Impossible.YUYou always suspected she'd fled to
		the West.LII didn't think she'd dare come back
		to Peking!YUIs there any place safer than under
		the nose of Governor Yu?LISo I shall avenge my master's death
		after all.YUBe careful.  Sir Te requires
		discretion.  Official business is
		difficult enough.  Don't let
		personal feelings make it worse.
		And I don't know... even this
		poster... could be some sort of trap.LIDid you see who posted it?

Yu pauses.YUNo.LIIt says Jade Fox is hiding at Yu's.
		On the night of the theft there was
		a brawl near Yu's.  Were you
		involved?YUIt was Bo, Sir Te's man.  I hear he
		followed the thief to the Yus'.LIHave you questioned him yet?YUNo, not yet...LIBut your men are watching over Yu's
		compund?YUNo, I'd already sent them home.
		You can blame me for losing the
		sword, but please trust that I'll
		get it back soon using my own
		methods.LIThat's not what I meant.  I don't
		care about the sword.YUWhat do you mean?  Didn't you come
		back here for it?LII don't know it was stolen until I
		got here.YUThen, why did you come?LIWell, we had talked...

De Lu enters.DE LUPardon my intrusion.  Master Li,
		your room is ready.LIThank you.  Please lead the way.EXT. YELLOW HILL - NIGHTTsai, Bo, and May wait under an ancient tree.  Bo stifles a
yawn.BOThe fox doesn't care much for
		punctuality.  Still no sign of her.

An old lady struggles up the hill, wearing a floppy hat over
her face, holding a cane.  The three exchange glances.TSAIEnough!  Show yourself.

The old woman shrinks in fear, but then throws off her
disguise and unveils herself -- the Governess.FOXTsai... you dog!  You will pay for
		your stubbornness.BOThat's what you think, old witch!TSAIIf you surrender now, you'll suffer
		less.  But if you resist, I won't
		stop until you're dead.MAYFather!  Let me avenge my mother's
		death.FOXYou'll soon end up like her, you
		little whore!BOYou'll pay for that!

A fierce battle begins, the main fighting between Tsai and
Fox, with May and Bo getting a stab in occasionally, when
the opportunity presents itself.TSAI(to Bo)
		She's going to paralyze you!

Using acupressure, Fox disables Bo.  May shoots an arrow at
her, but she catches it and flings it back, hitting May.TSAIMay!

Fox then disables Tsai, but just as she goes for the kill,
Li Mu Bai flies down from the treetops and steps between them.FOXTsai, you filthy mongrel!  An ambush!MAYFather, are you all right?

Li addresses Fox.LIWudan should have gotten rid of you
		long ago.  It's been a long time,
		Jade Fox!  You don't remember me...
		But you should remember my master.
		You infiltrated Wudan while I was
		away.  You stole our master!  Now
		it's time for you to pay!FOXYour master underestimated us women.
		Sure, he'd sleep with me, but he
		would never teach me.  He deserved
		to die by a woman's hand!LIYou stole the secrets of Wudan's
		highest martial arts.  But after
		ten years of training, your moves
		are still undisciplined.  And
		today, under a Wudan sword... you
		will die!

Li easily brings Fox to the ground.

Li raises his sword to the prostrate Fox.  A figure masked
in black appears next to Fox, sword extended, saving her.FOXDisciple, we'll kill them all!FIGURE IN BLACKLet's go!BOAnother one!FOXI must get rid of Tsai!

Fox fights Tsai, Bo, and May, as Li addresses the masked
figure.LIWho are you?  Why is the Green
		Destiny in your possession?FIGURE IN BLACKWhat's it to you?LIMy name is Li Mu Bai.  The Green
		Destiny is mine.  Jade Fox can't be
		your master.  Where did you learn
		that "Xuan Piu" move?FIGURE IN BLACKI'm just playing around.LITell me, who is your master?FIGURE IN BLACKLet's go!FOXWe must kill them!

Tsai throws his blade at Fox, who catches it and throws it
back, hitting him in the head.  Fox and the masked figure
leap away.

May drops to the ground, cradling her dead father's head.
Bo kneels beside her.MAYFather!EXT. TE'S - DAYTe and a group of his men look down as a cloth is removed
from over the body of Tsai.  Bo and May stand before them.TEThis is Tsai?MAYMy father.  Police Inspector from
		Shaan.TEThis should be reported to Governor
		Yu.  The victim is an officer.  You
		believe the killer is hiding out in
		his compound.YUI'd bet my life on it!TE(to Li and Yu)
		Come with me.

He exits the room.INT. TE'S STUDY - DAYTe, Li, and Yu are seated.SIR TEThis needs to be resolved, and
		quickly.LII'll get into the Yu household and
		get her.  I'll ferret out Fox and
		her gang.YUWe must be careful.  Governor Yu is
		a court official, and in charge of
		security.  Any disturbance will
		cast suspicion on him.  It might
		get Sir Te in trouble.SIR TEThis is a delicate matter.YUSir Te, can you find some excuse to
		invite Madam Yu and her daughter?SIR TEWhat do you have in mind?YUThe best way to trap a fox is
		through her cubs.

Sir Te and Li look puzzled.EXT. SIR TE'S GARDEN - DAYYu sits with Madam Yu and Jen.  They busy themselves with
various items for her trousseau.MADAM YUMadam Te is certainly spoiling us
		with these wedding gifts.  She's
		being so considerate.YUI'm sorry she's not feeling well
		enough to receive you today.MADAM YUI heard Sir Te lost something.  And
		now Madame Te's not feeling well...

Jen sits silently reading.YUWe know who stole the missing item.
		If the thief returns it, I'm sure
		Sir Te will pursue the matter no
		further.MADAM YUThat's good.  Sometimes the help
		can't keep their hands to themselves.
		It's very embarassing.YUSir Te knows that even well-meaning
		people can make mistakes... that
		can bring ruin to themselves and
		their families.MADAM YUBut don't be too lenient.YUNo mercy will be shown toward the
		murderer who turned up in Peking.MADAM YUA murderer?YUYes.  The very killer of Li Mu
		Bai's own master.  Last night, she
		killed a policeman who had tracked
		her down.MADAM YUA female criminal!  Now that's news!

Jen becomes visibly upset.JENYou say she killed a policeman?YUYes, from the West.  He went
		undercover and and followed her
		here,MADAM YUMaybe the murderer and the thief
		are one and the same.YUI doubt it.  This thief... it very
		unusual...

As Yu speaks, she lifts the tea pot to pour Jen some tea.
As she finishes speaking, she looks into Jen's face and the
pot slips from her hand.  Without even looking down, Jen
instinctively catches the pot with a lightning-fast move.YU...And most likely smarter than a
		mere killer.

Sir Te and Li Mu Bai walk by.JEN(formal)
		Greetings, Sir Te.SIR TEHello, Madam Yu.  This is Li Mu
		Bai, the renowned swordsman.LIDelighted to meet you.

Li sizes Jen up.TEMiss Yu is soon to be married.LICongratulations.EXT. TSAI'S HOUSE - NIGHTMay opens her door, only to find Bo standing guard.MAYWhy don't you come in?BOI'm standing guard.MAYCome in.  It's cold.

She turns back inside, hesitates, then turns back to him.MAYCome in.  We don't have to fear
		Jade Fox if we're together.EXT. TE COMPOUND - NIGHTA still, dark night.EXT. TE'S STUDY - NIGHTSomething moves in the moonlight.  A hooded figure jumps down.

Li Mu Bai, who had been hiding in the shadows, comes forward.LIIsn't it a bit too late to be out?
		You've brought me the sword?FIGUREI do as I please.

The masked figure lunges away, but Li Mu Bai leaps with
incredible speed and grabs the sword from her.LIWhere's your master?FIGUREWhat's it to you?

The figure floats away.  Li chases after her.EXT. PEKING STREET - NIGHTThe two fly over houses and bounce off of rooftops,
displaying amazing floating skills.INT. ABANDONED MONASTERY - NIGHTThe figure bounces into an old monastery.  Li is already
there.LIHad enough flying?  You've got
		potential.  You've studied the
		Wudan Manual but you don't
		understand it.  You need a real
		master.

The figure doesn't respond, but we sense the pride in her
eyes.FIGUREDo you think you are a real master?LILike most things, I am nothing.
		It's the same for this sword.  All
		of it is simply a state of mind.FIGUREStop talking like a monk!  Just
		fight!LIThen tell me where Jade Fox is.FIGUREOn guard!LIReal sharpness comes without effort.EXT. MONASTERY - NIGHTThe figure leaps into the garden, but again, Li is ahead of
her.

The figure attacks Li, who uses his agility to evade her.
Frustrated, the figure intensifies her attack.

The figure, losing composure, attacks wildly.  Li gets even
more elusive, using a branch to repel her.LINo growth without assistant.  No
		action without reaction.  No desire
		without restraint.  Now give
		yourself up and find yourself again.
		There is a lesson for you.

Li now holds the stick to her mask, gently raising it
slightly.FIGUREGo ahead.LIWhy should I?  You need practice.
		I can teach you to fight with the
		Green Destiny, but first you must
		learn to hold it in stillness.FIGUREWhy do you want to teach me?LII've always wanted a disciple
		worthy of Wudan's secrets.FIGUREAnd if I use them to kill you?LIThat's a risk I'm willing to take.
		Deep down, you're good.  Even Jade
		Fox couldn't corrupt you.

The figure's eyes cloud with tears.FIGUREWudan is a whorehouse!  Keep your
		lessons!

The figure swirls and takes off, leaving a rueful Li standing
alone in the monastery.INT. JEN'S ROOM - NIGHTJen slips in through the window.  She pulls off her mask, as
she spots the Governess/Fox sitting and sewing.FOXYou're home late... or should I say
		early?JENWhy are you still here?  You killed
		a policeman.  You should leave!
		You'll bring ruin on my whole family.FOXThey wouldn't have found me if you
		hadn't stolen the sword.  Like a
		little girl, you thought stealing
		would be fun?  You, too, are
		responsible for that death.  Come
		with me.  You don't want to waste
		your life as the wife of some
		bureaucrat.  Denied your talent...
		As a master and disciple we will
		rule.JENI'll never live as a thief!FOXYou're already a thief.JENThat was just for fun.  How can I
		leave?  Where would I go?FOXWherever we want.  We'll get rid of
		anyone in our way.  Even your father.JENShut up!FOXIt's the Giang Hu fighter
		lifestyle... kill or be killed.
		Exciting, isn't it?JENI owe you nothing.FOXYes, you do!  You are still my
		disciple.

Jen lunges at the Governess, and the two exchange a few
blows.  Jen presses her finger against one of the Governess's
pressure points, disabling her.  Jen pushes her across the
room.JENYou think you've been teaching me
		all these years from the manual?
		You couldn't even decipher the
		symbols!FOXI studied the diagrams.  But you
		hid the details!JENYou wouldn't have understood, even
		if I had tried to explain.  You
		know... you've gone as far as you
		can go.  I hid my skills so as not
		to hurt you.FOXIf I hadn't seen you fight with Li
		Mu Bai, I'd still be ignorant of
		all you've hidden from me.JENMaster... I started learning from
		you in secret when I was 10.  You
		enchanted me with the world of
		Giang Hu.  But once I realized I
		could surpass you, I became so
		frightened!  Everything fell apart.
		I had no one to guide me, no one to
		learn from.FOXBelieve me, I've a lesson or two
		left to teach you!

Fox exits.EXT. GOVERNOR YU'S GATE - DAYThe Governess leaves, a small sack over her back.EXT. TE'S COURTYARD - DAYLi practices fluently with Green Destiny in hand, beautifully
at ease with the weapon.  He spins around to find Yu standing
in the doorway.YUThe sword is back... are you happy?

Li smiles.LII admit, getting it back makes me
		realize how much I'd missed it.YUBut it's not your sword anymore.
		You gave it to Sir Te.LITrue.  But I must borrow it for one
		last mission.  Jade Fox must die at
		its edge.  Did you know what you
		were hiding when you covered for
		that girl?YUMy job was to get the sword back,
		without embarassing anyone.  I
		wasn't about to ruin her life, or
		her father's.LIYou did your job well.  But, this
		girl... I saw her last night.YUI knew she would intrigue you.LIShe needs direction... and training.YUShe's an aristocrat's daughter.
		She's not one of us.  In any case,
		it will all be over soon.  You'll
		kill Fox, and she'll marry.LIThat's not for her.  She should
		come to Wudan and become a disciple.YUBut Wudan does not accept women.LIFor her, they might make an
		exception.  If not, I'm afraid
		she'll become a poisoned dragon.YUIt's not our affair.  Even if Wudan
		accepts her, her husband might
		object.LII thought by giving away the sword,
		I could escape the Giang Hu world.
		But the cycle of bloodshed continues.YUI wish there were something more I
		could do to help you.LIJust be patient with me, Shu Lien.INT. JEN'S ROOM - NIGHTJen is asleep.  A noise awakens her.

Lo opens the window and sneaks in -- right into the point of
Jen's waiting sword.

Jen's sword drops to the ground.JENLo?LOJen!

Lo grabs her by the wrist.JENYou shouldn't have come.LOWith all the traffic on your
		rooftop these days... it took me a
		while to get in here.  I can't wait
		any longer.  I was wrong to let you
		go.  Come back with me.  You'll be
		happy in the desert.  You'll be
		free there.

Jen turns back to him and rests herself briefly in his arms
again.JENYou've been looking for me all this
		time?FLASHBACK: FOUR YEARS EARLIERINT./EXT. CARRIAGE/MONGOLIAN DESERT - DAYJen holds up a comb, with daylight shining through it.  Jen
admires the piece, her most prized possession.

Madam Yu sits opposite her.MADAM YUJen... stop playing with it.

Jen looks out over the desert, as the wind picks up and the
sky darkens.JENI won't break it.EXT. CARRIAGE/MONGOLIAN DESERT - DAYLo and a group of armed bandits descend on the caravan.GUARD AIt's Dark Cloud!  Dark Cloud is
		coming!

His warning is useless.  From Jen's pov, we see the guards
slaughtered in a hail of arrows and swords.MADAM YULower the shade, don't let them see
		you!DARK CLOUD (LO)Don't touch the women!

Though unharmed, Madam Yu immediately faints.  Lo approaches
the carriage and grabs the comb from Jen's hand.

She bolts from the carriage, and, once outside, bends down
and grabs a lance from the body of a dead guard, whose horse
flails beside him.

She looks up to see the gang of bandits already making their
escape on horseback.LOLet's go!EXT. DESERT - DAYJen and Lo ride across the desert floor at breakneck speed.LOCome get your comb.

She tries to jab him with the lance, but he grabs it and
flings her off her horse.LOHurry back to your mother.

Lo rides on as she charges after her horse.EXT. DESERT BLUFF - DAYA group of bandits is dividing up the loot, as Jen rides up,
keeping a respectable distance.  They notice her and rise as
she dismounts.

One of them saunters over to her and stands, grinning, a few
feet away.

In a second, she's slammed his balls into his stomach and
knocked his nose into his face.  He crumples to the sand.

The other bandits stop laughing, quickly exchange glances,
and charge her at once.

In a matter of seconds, they're either on the ground or
dragging their fallen comrades back.

Lo calls out and stops the fight.LOShe's mine.EXT. DESERT - DAYLo and Jen ride, if not side-by-side, then parallel, about
20 feet apart.  Their pace has slowed considerably.  In
fact, they're dead tired.LOLet's stop a moment.JENGive it back!LO(shouting a bit)
		You're tired.  You need rest.  Your
		horse needs water.  There's a creek
		up here.

He dismounts, looks down at the dry creek bed.LOWell, there used to be!  What's
		your name?  I'm Lo.  The Hans call
		me Dark Cloud.  I'm not that tall
		or big, but I'm quick as lightning.JENMy comb!

She kicks him.  They fight ferociously until Lo, exhausted,
collapses.  She kicks him a few times, then collapses too.INT. CAVE - DAYJen comes to and finds herself wrapped in a blanket of
animal fur.  She sits up with a start and checks her clothes.
Looking around, she realizes she's in a cave.  Next to her
are a lamp, some hunting equipment, and a neat row of sharp
arrows.  She quickly grabs one of the arrows.LOIf you like that arrow, I can make
		you a bow.  Great for hunting wild
		chicken.  They're delicious.

Jen raises one of the arrows, going on the attack again, but
her legs betray her and she falls.LOYou need to eat, understand?  Then
		you'll have the strength to fight.
		Understand?

He helps her up, then pours her some horse milk from a sac.
He hands her a small chunk of food, which she first accepts
grudgingly, then, her hunger getting the better of her, she
starts to wolf it down.LOYou're eating too fast.  Slowly.EXT. CAVE - DAYLo walks out into a barren mountain landscape.  A chicken
roasts over a fire.  Lo whistles.

Jen appears suddenly with a rock and knocks it over his head.
Lo passes out as Jen scurries away.EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE AND DESERT - DAYJen tries to find her way among the treacherous stony
terrain, her lips chapped and fingers bloody and blistered.
But soon she passes out.INT. CAVE - NIGHTJen again awakes inside the cave.  Lo tries to feed her some
water, but she chokes, and tries to push him away, only to
find that her legs and hands are tied up.LOYou've got quite a temper.  It's
		better this way.JENYou coward!LOStill in a bad mood?  At least
		you're speaking.  What's your name?

Jen spits at Lo.LOI didn't think the Hans had names
		like that.

Later: She weaves in and out of consciousness.  In the
flickering lights, she sees Lo sharpening his arrows.

Later, he pulls back an opaque curtain to reveal a makeshift
bathroom -- a water-filled cavity serves as a tub.

He rises as Jen sobs at the sight of her imprisoned and
dishevelled body.  He comes over and unties her.LORelax.  If I had wanted to, I would
		already have done it.  You must be
		dying for a bath.  Fresh water's
		hard to get here.  But I managed to
		bring some up.  You can wear my
		clothes when you're done.  They're
		clean.  Don't worry.  I'll sing, so
		you'll know where I am.  After the
		bath, you'll be calmer.

Jen nods and the bandit releases her.  He starts to sing as
he walks out.  Jen waits until the sound recedes before
closing the curtain behind her and dipping into the pit.
While she bathes, she listens to his singing, a loud
rendition of a tribal song.  Lo apparently doesn't remember
all the lyrics, and la-las his way through more than a few
passages.  Jen smiles.INT. CAVE - NIGHTJen grimaces as Lo pulls the last of some cactus needles
from the soles of her feet.LONo more hitting on the head!  All
		this trouble for a comb?JENIt's mine.  It means a lot to me.
		A barbarian like you wouldn't
		understand.LONot true.  I can use it to pick
		fleas from my horse.JENBy the way, I'm a real Manchurian.LOI'm sorry... I guessed wrong.  I
		though you were a Han.JENGive me back my comb.LOI don't take orders from anyone.JENGive it back.

Jen impulsively grabs an arrow and stabs Lo, drawing a
little blood from his chest.  Furious, Lo lunges at her and
they tussle briefly.  Finally, Lo gets on top of Jen, and
the scuffling becomes more like foreplay.  Violence turns
into unleashed passion.EXT. DESERT OASIS - DAYLo and Jen ride across the desert.  Jen holds tightly to him.EXT. CAVE - NIGHTLo and Jen lie in the bath together.LOWhen I was a boy, one night, I saw
		a thousand shooting stars.  I
		thought, where did they all go?
		I'm an orphan.  I used to look for
		stars alone.  I thought if I rode
		to the other end of the desert, I'd
		find them.  I've been riding in the
		desert ever since.JENAnd so, the little boy became a
		fearsome bandit.  He couldn't find
		the stars, so he stole my comb.

Lo pauses.LOOut here, you always fight for
		survival.  You have to be part of a
		gang to stand a chance.  Slowly,
		your gang becomes your family.  All
		that Dark Cloud stuff is just to
		scare people and make my life easier.JENSo you're still that little boy
		looking for shooting stars.LOI am a man.  And now I've found the
		brightest star of all.EXT. DESERT - DAYLo sees uniformed men through his binoculars.LOYour father's men are looking for
		you.

Jen doesn't respond.EXT. DESERT - DAYLo and Jen ride through a mountain pass.EXT. CLIFF - DAYLo and Jen stand at the crest of a cliff.  Lo looks over,
viewing the desert valley below, as Jen joins him.  They see
a troop of uniformed men riding by in the distance.LOYour father's men are still looking
		for you.  They're still out there,
		circling closer.JENLet them look.LOIt is trouble for me.

Jen bites her lip.JENDon't send me back!LOYou must decide.  You might get
		tired of this life.  You might
		begin to miss your family.  If it
		were our daughter, we'd look for
		her too.  She would miss us.  Jen...
		I want you to be mine forever.  I
		will make my mark on the world.  I
		will earn your parents' respect.
		We have a legend.  Anyone who dares
		to jump from the mountain, God will
		grant his wish.  Long ago, a young
		man's parents were ill, so he
		jumped.  He didn't die.  He wasn't
		even hurt.  He floated away, far
		away, never to return.  He knew his
		wish had come true.  If you believe,
		it will happen.  The elders say, "A
		faithful heart makes wishes come
		true."INT. TENT - DAYJen and Lo kiss.  Jen takes the jade comb out of her hair
and presses it into his palm.  Jen starts to cry.  They
embrace.JENKeep it safe.  Return it to me when
		we are together again.LOI will.JEN(smiling painfully)
		If you don't, I'll come after you.
		And I won't let you off so easy.EXT. TENT - DAYJen quietly walks out and stands sadly in the early morning
light.

End of flashback.INT. JEN'S ROOM - NIGHTLOWherever I went, someone always
		recognized me.  I really tried.
		Later, I heard you came to Peking.
		I was afraid I'd never see you
		again.  So I came.  I can't let you
		marry.

Jen is about to respond when a servant's voice is heard from
outside the door.JEN(whispering)
		Go.LOJen...JEN(through her tears)
		Don't ever come back.

Lo hovers at the window frame.LOSo it's over?

Jen pauses.JENYes.

Lo thrusts a small object in her hand.

He lifts his legs through the window, and drops out of
sight, just as Jen's door is opened from the hall.MAIDWe heard noises.JENIt was just a cat.

The maid pauses, then dutifully exits, closing the door.

Jen opens up her palm; gasping, she sees the comb that Lo
has given her.EXT. WEDDING PROCESSION - DAYThe noise and color of a wedding procession.  A marching
band heralds the occasion, as throngs of onlookers fight to
get a glimpse of the groom, Gou Jun Pei, who trots by on a
handsome white horse.INT. WEDDING CARRIAGE - DAYJen's head is completely covered in red cloth, as she rides
silently in the bride's carriage.EXT. BALCONY OVERLOOKING WEDDING PROCESSION - DAYLi and Yu watch the festivities from a balcony of the city
gate.YUYou think Jade Fox will show up?LIShe's out there, but I doubt she'll
		show herself.  We'll keep our eyes
		open.  Sooner or later, she'll come
		for the girl.INT. WEDDING CARRIAGE - DAYA small arrow flies into the carriage.  Jen calmly lifts the
red cloth from her face and pulls the arrow out of the
panelling inside the carriage.

We hear Lo's voice from outside the carriage, but Jen
doesn't seem to notice.LO(v.o.)
		Jen!  Come with me!  You're mine!

Lo runs wildly into the crowd.LOCome with me to the desert!  Jen!
		Come with me to Xin Jiang!

The guards surround Lo, but he escapes.EXT. BEIJING STREET - DAYLo leaps and lands right in front of Li Mu Bai, his fingers
pressed against Lo's neck.  Yu comes running around the
corner and sees them.LIWhere is Jade Fox?

Yu jumps in and pushes Li away.YU(to Lo)
		Come with me!  Hurry!INT. CITY OUTSKIRTS - DAYLo sits dejectedly, having told his story to Yu and Li, who
look him over.YU(to Lo)
		You thought she'd give it all up
		and go back West with you?LOShe's mine.LIEither way, you are no good to her
		dead.  With the Gou and Yu clans
		hunting you, you'll soon be in
		their hands.LOI don't care anymore.LIIf you truly loved her, you wouldn't
		say that.YUDon't you want to see her again.LIAll right.  I'll write you an
		introduction.  Take it to Wudan.
		Wait there for news from me.LOAll right.EXT. TE COMPOUND - NIGHTYu and Li enter, as other men and women race through the
compound, a sense of panic in the air.  Yu gives Li a look.
Li shrugs.INT. TE'S HALL - NIGHTA crowd, including Li and Yu, stand by as Te opens the empty
sword case, his voice rising.SIR TEWhen will this end?  They take it,
		they put it back, they take it
		again.  My home is turning into a
		warehouse.

Bo bursts into the hall, bows to Te.TESpeak!BOJen has run away!  Gou found the
		wedding chamber empty.  Governor Yu
		requests your assistance.  You know
		the Giang Hu underworld.  He wants
		to find her, and keep her from harm.LISir Te, leave this to us.  Don't
		worry.INT. TEA STALL - DAYJen arrives at the tea stall.  She places her sword on the
table, which catches the attention of a couple of Giang Hu
martial arts characters sitting nearby.WAITRESSWhat can I serve you?

As the waitress turns to leave, Jen grabs her by the arm.JENThe cup is dirty.

The flustered waitress apologizes and takes the cup away.
The men approach Jen.GANGSTER AHello.  What is your name?JEN(without lifting her eyes)
		Long.GANGSTER BIt's young Master Long.  My
		apologies.  I'm Iron Eagle Sung and
		this is my brother in arms, Flying
		Cougar Li Yun.  What brings you to
		Huai An, and where are you headed,
		Master Long?JENAnywhere there's action.

The two men exchange glances.GANGSTER AIn that case, perhaps we could be
		of assistance.JENDon't bother.GANGSTER AYou don't seem to understand.JENSo what if I don't?GANGSTER BWe have ways of helping you
		understand.

The two pull out their weapons which are immediately chopped
into scraps by Jen.GANGSTER A(stunned)
		Are you related to Li Mu Bai?JENHe is my defeated foe!EXT. WOODS - DAYLi and Yu pass a cup back and forth as Bo tends to the
horses in the background.YUHave some tea.

As Yu passes the cup to Li, their fingers touch.
Embarrassed, Li pulls back.LIShu Lien... The things we touch
		have no permanence.  My master
		would say... there is nothing we
		can hold on to in this world.  Only
		by letting go can we truly possess
		what is real.YUNot everything is an illusion.  My
		hand... wasn't that real?LIYour hand, rough and callused from
		machete practice... All this time,
		I've never had the courage to touch
		it.

Li takes Yu's hand and presses it to his face.LIGiang Hu is a world of tigers and
		dragons, full of corruption... I
		tried sincerely to give it up but I
		have brought us only trouble.YUTo repress one's feelings only
		makes them stronger.LIYou're right, but I don't know what
		to do.  I want to be with you...
		just like this.  It gives me a
		sense of peace.

Li Mu Bai smiles.INT. STAR RESTAURANT - DAYJen walks upstairs.  A waiter greets her.WAITERPlease follow me.JENI want a clean room.WAITERWe have plenty.  Your order?

Jen again sets her sword on the table as she sits down.JENSteamed whole cod, bite-size
		meatballs, a little starchy, but
		keep the sauce light, shark fin
		soup, mixed vegetables, and some
		warm wine.WAITER(dazed)
		I have to order from a bigger
		restaurant.JENHurry then.

The waiter gauges Jen for an instant before bouncing off to
place the orders.  Jen checks her pouch and sees there's not
much money left.

A large group of Giang Hu characters enters.  They survey
the restaurant and quickly find Jen upstairs.GIANG HU AThat's him.MI BIAOI am Iron Arm Mi.  I heard a true
		master has arrived.  I have come to
		seek a lesson.

Jen ignores him.MI BIAO(bristles)
		You asked for it!

Mi charges and attacks Jen, who is still sitting sipping tea.
Jen barely lifts a finger and disposes of Mi with a poke at
a sensitive pressure point.  This provokes a reaction from
the other men.JENWhat kind of Iron Arm are you?FLYING MACHETE CHANGYou have amazing technique!  I am
		Flying Machete.  Are you related to
		Southern Crane?JENSouthern Duck?  I don't eat anything
		with two feet.  Who could remember
		such long-winded names?GOU JUN SIHUNGLi Mu Bai is your defeated foe, and
		you don't know his master, Southern
		Crane?JENWho are you?GOU JUN SIHUNGI'm Shining Phoenix Mountain Gou.JEN(furious)
		Gou?  I hate that name.  It makes
		me puke!  Too bad you're named Gou.
		You'll be the first to feel my
		sword today.

Jen leaps up and dives into battle.  The men all use
different kinds of weapons, but they all succumb to the
powerful Green Destiny.MONK JINGHold it!  Don't you know Monk Jing?JENA monk, in a place like this?  You
		need a lesson!MONK JINGWho are you?

She smiles, and leaps again into action after unsheathing
the Green Destiny.JENWho am I?  I am... I am the
		Invincible Sword Goddess.  Armed
		with the Incredible... Green
		Destiny.  Be you Li or Southern
		Crane... lower your head... and ask
		for mercy.  I am the desert dragon.
		I leave no trace.  Today I fly over
		Eu-Mei.  Tomorrow... I'll kick over
		Wudan Mountain!

Jen is in a frenzy, slashing and maiming as she speaks.INT. STAR RESTAURANT - DAYYu and Li are surrounded by the variously bandaged men who
battled with Jen.FLYING MACHETE CHANGWe politely asked for a friendly
		match, but she showed no respect,
		and attacked us.  Everyone came by
		to teach her a lesson.MI BIAOHer sword was just too powerful.MONK JINGI've traveled everywhere, but never
		met anyone so uncivilized.SHINING PHOENIX MOUNTAIN GOD(heavily bandaged)
		She kept accusing me of being Gou
		Jun Pei's brother.  Who is this
		Gou, anyway?YUHer husband.

The men all nod their heads.EXT. OUTSIDE HWAI AN - DAYLi and Yu ride together.LI(to Yu)
		We're close to your headquarters.
		Go home and check in.YUWhat about you?LII'll look around and catch up later.YUNot a bad idea.  Tonight we'll get
		a good night's sleep at headquarters.

Yu takes a fork off the road.  Thunder can be heard in the
darkening sky.EXT. SUN COMPOUND - DAYA group of security men are practicing Kung Fu in the front
yard of Sun Security.  They stop when Yu enters.SECURITY MAN AMistress, you're back.YUIt's you!  How's everything here?CAPTAINFine.  You've been gone a while.YUYes, and I leave again tomorrow.
		Your wife was due?AH WAIYeah, a baby girl.YUGood!AH WAII'll be happy if she's half as
		strong as you.YUMrs. Wu...AUNT WUYou're back!YUHow's the arm?  Still sore?AUNT WUMuch better.  You've been gone so
		long.YULi Mu Bai is coming to stay the
		night.AUNT WU(excited)
		I'll go and make up his room!

Aunt Wu hustles out.  Yu goes into her own room.INT. HALL OF ANCESTRAL WORSHIPYu lights incense for her former fianc Meng.  Hearing
something, she turns to see a dishevelled Jen standing
outside downstairs.JENSister Shu Lien...INT. YU'S ROOM - DAYYu eases her guard, then opens a drawer, and takes out some
clothes.  Jen, wearing just white underclothing, sets
herself on the edge of Yu's bed.  Yu brings over the clothes.YUHere you must be in proper attire.JENI'm just borrowing some clean
		clothes.  I'm not staying.YUI'll give them to you.JENI was just passing by and wondered
		how you were.

Jen tries to hide her anxiety but finally breaks down on
Yu's shoulder in tears.JENYou, sister...YULook at the trouble you've caused.
		Now you know what Giang Hu life is
		really like.  If you think of me as
		your sister, let me give you some
		sisterly advice.  You can run from
		marriage, but not your parents.JENThey forced me to marry!YUGo back to them first.  Then you
		can decide about Lo.JENYou know about Lo?YUHe really loves you.  Come back to
		Peking with me.  We'll find a
		solution.JENWhere is he now?YULi Mu Bai has made arrangements.
		He sent him to Wudan Mountain.JENYou're working together to set me
		up!  I'm leaving!YUHow dare you accuse us?  I always
		knew you had stolen the sword!
		I've done nothing but protect you
		and your family.  And you're repaid
		me with nothing but contempt.  Li
		Mu Bai himself spared you, and all
		you do is insult him.  We wanted
		some peace and you've ruined it all!
		You're no sister of mine!JENWhat do I care?  You were never a
		real friend anyway.  But I wonder,
		how long could you last as my enemy?

Jen gets up to leave.  Yu intercepts her.YUPut the sword down!

Jen jumps out.INT. YUAN COURTYARD - DAYJen soars out to the front courtyard where the guards are
still practicing.

They raise their weapons at the sight of an intruder.YU(calling out)
		Jen!

Jen greets Yu with the Green Destiny.YUEveryone out.  Shut the doors.

The men leave.YUFine... the friendship is over.

Yu scoops up a weapon from one of many lying around and
begins her battle with Jen.

Yu uses every weapon that's available against Jen but none
are any match for the Green Destiny.

After slicing through another set of Yu's weapons, Jen looks
admiringly at the Green Destiny in her hands.YUDon't touch it!  That's Li Mu Bai's
		sword.JENCome and get it if you can.YUWithout the Green Destiny, you are
		nothing.JENDon't be a sore loser.  Go ahead.
		Take your pick.  I'll wait.  Go
		ahead.

Yu picks up a huge broad sword and attacks.  Just as the
Green Destiny slices it in half, Yu holds the broken blade
at Jen's neck.  She pauses before hurting Jen, then pulls
back.YUGive me the sword.

Jen, taking advantage of Yu's trust, slices her arm.JENTake it!

Yu, her shoulder bleeding, falls back as Li Mu Bai jumps in.LI(enraged)
		Stop it!  You don't deserve the
		Green Destiny.JENNot another lecture!  On guard!LILet's end this here.JENOnly the sword will settle this.

Jen soars up to the rooftop, with Li right on her tail.EXT. LAKE - DAYJen floats over the lake, Li close behind.EXT. BAMBOO FOREST - DAYJen runs into a sea of bamboo.  She appears to have lost Li
but is not slowing down.  Her white clothes are now stained
with blood and mud.  The wind had picked up and every breeze
sounds like an air attack by Li.

The two leap onto the tips of the bamboo trees and begin
their dances and dodges.  They glance off bamboos and each
other while staying afloat.  Finally Jen lands on the same
stick of bamboo as Li.  The two hold their positions for a
while, as the bamboo bends.LII only let you go because I wanted
		to see the real you.

Jen tries to shake Li off the bamboo but Li recovers nicely.JENWhat do you know about a true heart?

Li suddenly leaps off the bamboo tree.  The bamboo
straightens up and throws Jen toward the ground.  Jen
quickly pulls herself up and charges at Li.

Jen chases after Li, into a clearing, out of the bamboo
forest.EXT. RIVER - DAYJen finally catches up to Li, who is standing on a rock
about a few feet wide amid the rapids.  Jen vaults onto the
rock and scuffles with Li.  Jen loses her balance.JENWhat do you want?LIWhat I've always wanted, to teach
		you.JENAll right.  If you can take back
		the sword in three moves, I'll go
		with you.

Li takes the sword back.JENGive it back!LIKneel!JENNever!LIThen you have no use for the sword.

Li throws the sword into the rapids.

Jen dives in to retrieve it.  He follows Jen downstream by
hopping from one rock to another.  Jen recovers the sword
but is herself drowning.  Suddenly Jade Fox swings into the
rapids and fishes Jen out.  Jade Fox carries the unconscious
Jen away.  Li gives chase, but loses them.INT. ABANDONED FACTORY - DAYIt's raining.  Inside an old factory, Fox heats some medicine
paste and then dips a needle in the paste.  She burns the
needle point, causing a blue smoke.  She lights some incense
and puts it in a burner near Jen, who is barely conscious.FOXSooner or later, they'd drag you
		back to Peking.  Your parents will
		never accept you again.  But why go
		home?  We've gone this far, we
		won't stop now.  You'll always be
		my lady.  At last, we'll be our own
		masters.  We'll be happy.  That's
		the most important thing.  All we
		have left is each other, right?
		Lie down and rest.

Jen is too weak to respond.

Fox leaves Jen clutching the Green Destiny.EXT. ABANDONED FACTORY - DAYFox scurries ahead in the rain.  Her eyes catch something,
but she keeps moving.INT. YUAN COMPOUND - DAYAunt Wu finishes bandaging Yu.AUNT WUShe's crazy.  You should have
		killed her.YUI didn't have the heart.AUNT WUWell, Li Mu Bai can do it.

Yu senses movement at the window.  Looking out, she sees
Jade Fox in the distance.INT. ABANDONED FACTORY - DAYJen wakes up, flushed from fever.  She takes a sip from a
cup of water -- it's empty.  She tosses the cup, gets up,
and walks into the rain.EXT. ABANDONED FACTORY - DAYJen walks out, raises her face into the rain, and drinks the
raindrops.  Thirst quenched, she turns around and finds Li
standing there.  Jen limps towards him while mumbling.JENIs it me or the sword you want?

Jen falls into Li, who checks her pulse and looks at her eyes.LIYou've been drugged!

Li carries her inside, kicking away the incense burner.INT. ABANDONED FACTORY - DAYLi lays his hands on Jen's back; she slowly comes to.LIWhere is Jade Fox?

Jen gestures that she doesn't know.  Yu and Bo enter.  Yu
looks at Jen.YUWhat happened?LIJade Fox drugged her.  How did you
		get here?YUWe followed Jade Fox.

Instantaneously, a flurry of darts flies directly in Jen's
direction.  Li and Yu swipe miraculously at them all,
sending them flinging hither and thither.

Fox shows herself.  Li attacks her.  She falls back, bleeding
to death.LIAnd so you die.

Li touches his neck.FOXAnd so shall you!

Li pulls a single needle from his neck.YUA poisoned needle!FOXYou deserve to die, but the life I
		was hoping to take... was Jen's.
		Ten years I devoted to you.  But
		you deceived me!  You hid the
		manual's true meaning.  I never
		improved... but your progress was
		limitless!  You know what poison is?
		An eight-year-old girl, full of
		deceit.  That's poison!  Jen!  My
		only family... my only enemy...

Jade Fox dies.YUYou can't die!  Tell us what poison
		you used!  You can't die!  Tell us
		the antidote!  You can't let Li Mu
		Bai die!JENShe used Purple Yin... Purple Yin
		poison.  It goes straight to the
		heart.LIMy blood will soon reverse its flow.
		It's the same poison she used to
		kill my master.  There is no
		antidote.YUThat can't be!  Everything has an
		antithesis!  Why not this?JENThe antidote exists.  She taught it
		to me.  The formula is simple, but
		it takes time to prepare.  Trust me.
		As you have helped me, let me help
		you.LIAll right.  Hurry.  I will hold on
		as long as I can.YU(takes the comb from
			her hair)
		Take my horse and go to the compound.
		Give this to Mrs. Wu.  She'll help
		you.  Hurry!JENSpare your energy.  I'll be back!EXT. ABANDONED FACTORY - NIGHTBo is burying Fox in the rain.EXT. YUAN COMPOUND - NIGHTThe guards surround Jen.  She pushes past them.JENWhere is Mrs. Wu?

Aunt Wu comes running out.AUNT WUStop it!

Jen pulls out Yu's comb.JENShu Lien told me to show you this.AUNT WULet her in.INT. ABANDONED FACTORY - NIGHTYu sits across from Li, whose pose is almost meditational,
eerily calm.YUMu Bai, hold on.  Give me some
		hope...LIShu Lien...YUSave your strength.LIMy life is departing.  I've only
		one breath left.YUUse it to meditate.  Free yourself
		from this world as you have been
		taught.  Let your soul rise to
		eternity with your last breath.  Do
		not waste it... for me.LII've already wasted my whole life.
		I want to tell you with my last
		breath... I have always loved you.
		I would rather be a ghost, drifting
		by your side... as a condemned
		soul... than enter heaven without
		you.  Because of your love... I
		will never be a lonely spirit.

Yu cries.

She kisses him lightly.  He closes his eyes.EXT. PATH - DAYAs the sun rises, Jen rides speedily, clutching the medicine
in her hands.INT. ABANDONED FACTORY - DAYLi is in Yu's arms.  They're holding hands.  The sun shines
in.  Yu slowly releases Li's stiff fingers -- he is dead.

Jen is at the door.JENHe's gone?

Bo peeks over Jen's shoulder.

Yu rises and picks up Green Destiny.  Jen kneels.  Yu raises
the sword, but doesn't kill her.YUBo... please take this sword back
		to Sir Te.

He takes the sword from her.YU(to Jen)
		Now you must go to Wudan Mountain.
		Lo awaits you there.  Promise me
		one thing, whatever path you take
		in this life... be true to yourself.EXT. WU TAN TEMPLE - DAYJen climbs up toward the temple, finally reaching the temple
gate, and sees Lo standing there.

He runs to her.  She greets him.INT. WU TAN TEMPLE - MAGICJen and Lo make love.INT. WU TAN TEMPLE - DAYLo wakes up to find the jade comb on the pillow beside him,
Jen gone.EXT. WU TAN MOUNTAIN - DAYLo catches up to Jen, who stands on a bridge.  The gorges
below are shrouded in clouds.  She looks back at him.JENDo you remember the legend of the
		young man?LO"A faithful heart makes wishes come
		true."JENMake a wish, Lo.

Lo pauses.LO(closing his eyes)
		To be back in the desert, together
		again.

Jen smiles, turns, and leaps into the clouds.  They seem to
catch her gently, before she disappears into them.

Lo remains standing, a smile on his face, tears rolling down
his cheeks.THE END.