DRAG ME TO HELLWritten by

                              Ivan Raimi & Sam RaimiSeptember, 2007INT. BEDROOM - BEFORE DAWN22 year old Stephanie Browne is jarred from a peaceful sleep
          as the alarm clock BUZZES. She hits the snooze button and
          plops back down onto the pillow. After a few seconds of pure
          sleeping bliss, she wills herself up.
          She moves through her Ikea furnished bedroom, past a "Hang in
          there, baby" poster and into the bathroom.INT. BATHROOM - A MOMENT LATERStephanie turns on the shower. While waiting for the water to
          heat up, she looks into the mirror and with exaggerated
          pronunciation, recites:STEPHANIEThere is no friction, with proper
          diction. Good sounds abound, when
          the mouth is round.
          She catches herself on the last word, a hint of "Missouri
          twang" slipping through.STEPHANIERound.
          Yawn. She slips off her nightgown and lumbers into the
          steaming shower.INT. KITCHEN -- MORNINGShe opens the refrigerator: A half grapefruit sits next to an
          inviting slice of chocolate cake. She's tempted, but chooses
          the grapefruit.EXT. VENTURA BOULEVARD PARKING STRUCTURE - MORNINGA sunny Southern California day. Commuters speed by.
          Stephanie's FORD FOCUS pulls into the PARKING STRUCTURE,
          across the street from the BANK OF CALIFORNIA. She steps from
          the car, smartly dressed for work and walks briskly toward
          the intersection. The traffic signal changes to "Don't Walk".
          A BUSINESS MAN next to her, sprints across the street.
          Stephanie almost follows but decides to obey the sign. She
          looks down to see a little KITTEN. It rubs against her ankles
          and PURRS.STEPHANIEWell, you're a little cutie.2.A car's HORN blares, spooking the kitten. It darts into the
          intersection and freezes at the sight of an oncoming VAN.
          Stephanie races into the intersection, snatches up the kitten
          and places it safely down on the other side of the street.STEPHANIEHey! Slow down!
          The Van roars past. She pets the Kitten. It PURRS and licks
          Stephanie's face. She sets it down.STEPHANIEGo on home. Shoo now!
          She heads for the Bank. The kitten follows. She turns back,
          frowning.STEPHANIEShoo!INT. BANK OF CALIFORNIA -- DAYStephanie site at her desk, across from a young MEXICAN
          COUPLE. She studies their mortgage. application.MEXICAN MANWe keep getting the same thing.
          Because I'm not employed by an
          American company, they won't take
          my application until they get my
          solvency statement. And the Mexican
          Treasury Department says that's
          going to take at least four more
          weeks.MEXICAN WOMANAnd the house will be gone by then.STEPHANIEIt says, here your employed by
          Pemex?MEXICANThat's right.STEPHANIEIsn't Pemex a subsidiary of Union
          Oil?3.a MEXICAN MAN
           Yes. So? 0STEPHANIESo technically, your employer is an
          American company. I think we can
          make this work. I'll call you this
          afternoon and let you know.
          The happy couple shake Stephanie's hand and exit. ELLEN,
          Stephanie's pretty, twenty two year old, roommate, flops down
          into the seat across from her.ELLENI need clarification on the shoe
          issue.STEPHANIEOkay...ELLENFirst of all-- you know you've got
          the only perfect pair of black
          dress shoes in L.A. So was that a
          definite, irrevocable, "no way" or
          t just a rather not at this time, "no 
          way"?STEPHANIEIt's an absolutely, positively,
          forget about the shoes already, "no
          way". They're my only good pair and
          I need them in good shape for
          tomorrow.ELLENWhat's Up?STEPHANIEDinner with Ray's parents.
          Ellen picks up a desktop photo: A shot of Stephanie and her
          handsome boyfriend, Ray, locked in an embrace, standing in
          the spray of a waterfall.ELLENRay's got a nice butt. Really tightAND---Stephanie takes back her photo.4.STEPHANIE1 --I know. Thanks.ELLENHe's a keeper. But I told you about
          his mom, she's another story. I
          used to waitress at her country
          club, and with her, it's all about
          what private school you went to and
          who you know. You still up for that
          promotion? That would help.
          Stephanie looks longingly to...THE VACANT OFFICEof the former Assistant Manager. The large oak desk. The
          executive chair. Waiting to be filled.
          Stephanie turns back, pushing the thought away.STEPHANIEI'm not putting on a show. She'll
          either accept me for who I am or
          not.4ELLENAre you reading self help books
          again?
          The Kitten peers out through Stephanie's partially opened
          desk drawer.ELLENHello there!
          Ellen reaches for the Kitty but Stephanie waves her off.STEPHANIE--Shhhl I can't let my boss see
          him.
          Stephanie glances to her manager, MR. JACKS, a heavyset man
          sitting behind a large desk.ELLENWhat about the shoes?STEPHANIEI told you. No. Now beat it.5.Mr. Jacks sneezes, rubs his nose. He looks suspiciously about
          the bank for the source of his allergy. 0STEPHANIEUh Oh. You better bring the kitty
          home for me.ELLENSure. If I can take the shoes.STEPHANIEI told you, no.
          Mr. Jacks sneezes again, his eyes water. He turns to hisSECRETARY.MR. JACKSHas someone brought a damned animal
          into my bank?!
          Mr. Jacks looks about the Bank, his twitching nose leading
          him toward Stephanie's desk.STEPHANIEOkay, fine! Take the shoes!Hidden from Mr. Jack's view, Ellen quickly scoops up the
          Kitten and places it into her purse.
          As Mr. Jacks arrives at Stephanie's desk, he overhears:ELLENJust don't expect me to take care
          of it.
          This catches Mr. Jack's Attention. He turns to the ladies,
          wondering what they're talking about. Stephanie takes Ellen's
          hand and vigorously shakes it goodbye.STEPHANIEOf course not. I'll take care of
          everything. And thanks for choosing
          Bank of California.
          Ellen plays along.T6.ELLENOkay. Then I'll see you later. I
          mean--- whenever the next time I'm
          in the bank. You know-- for a loan.OR--STEPHANIEGoodbye.
          As Ellen passes, Mr. Jacks sneezes again, harder.MR. JACKSSomeone has definitely brought an
          animal in here.
          He eyes Ellen suspiciously as she exits.STEPHANIEI don't see any cats. Or any
          animals.MR. JACKSHope to hell, not.STEPHANIEBy the way, I put the paperwork for
          the Mcpherson loan on your desk.MR. JACKSMcpherson?STEPHANIEThat big corporate loan I've been
          trying to set up? It's just
          preliminary but--MR. JACKSOh, right. I'll look it over when I
          get the chance.STEPHANIEMr. Jacks, I was wondering it you
          had made any decision regarding the
          Assistant Manager's position yet?MR. JACKSI'm still deciding. Right now it's
          between Stu and yourself.47.STEPHANIEStu? The trainee?
          Stephanie turns to see Stu, the balding loan officer who sits
          at his desk, watching, trying to figure out what Jacks is
          saying to her.MR. JACKSI know he's new but he's also quite
          aggressive and we like that. Don't
          get me wrong, you're well liked
          here, but we're also looking for
          someone who's not afraid to crunch
          the numbers and make the tough
          decisions.STEPHANIEMr. Jacks, I feel that I'm
          perfectly capable of--MR. JACKS--I'll let you know as soon as,I
          decide. In the meantime, take him
          through our loan qualifying
          procedures... just in case.STEPHANIEOh. okay.MR JACKSAnd would you mind taking your
          lunch now?STEPHANIESure.MR. JACKSAnd on your way back, maybe you
          could bring me a turkey club?
          Stu overhears them as he passes by.STUTurkey club. Excellent choice, J.J.
          Then to Stephanie:STUMind picking one up for me?8.STEPHANIENo problem.
          Jacks heads back toward his desk. Stephanie grabs her purse
          and keys and as she heads out, Stu calls after her:STUOn toasted rye! And spicy mustard!
          Stephanie doesn't like fetching lunch for the trainee but
          hides her displeasure.STEPHANIESure.EXT. UCLA - WESTWOOD CAMPUS - DAYStephanie enters the Ivy-covered red bricked Department of
          Psychology Building.INT. UCLA LECTURE HALL - DAYRAY DALTON, a handsome twenty-nine year old man is lecturing
          before a class of UCLA students. They listen attentively.RAYThe conscious mind abhors
          uncertainty. It seeks a pattern or
          reason for everything. When we
          can't find that pattern or reason,
          we sometimes ascribe it's cause to
          the world of the supernatural. The
          spiritual world is created by the
          human mind to conveniently explain
          everything we can't. So when does a
          belief in the supernatural cross
          into the field of abnormal
          behavior? Where do you, the
          Psychologist, come in? When these
          beliefs negatively affect our
          patients activities of daily
          living. Their jobs, their friends,
          their sense of well being--
          The class bell RINGS.RAYTomorrow we'll be covering the
          clinical manifestations of
          psychosis. You'll find it all
          t referenced in the text.9.The students pack up their books. Ray smiles as he sees
          Stephanie enter the lecture hall, holding a bag of deli food.INT. RAY'S UNIVERSITY OFFICE - LATERStephanie eats a salad as she goes over a financial statement
          of the Mcpherson Corporation.
          Ray grades papers.RAYHow're things at the bank? How's
          that new position looking?STEPHANIEI don't know.RAYReally? You sounded so sure.STEPHANIEWell, now there's this new guy...
          they're considering him too.
          Ray sees how bummed out she is. He moves close, taking her in 
          his arms.RAYThat job needs somebody with your
          experience. They know that.
          Stephanie nods.STEPHANIEOh, I've got something for you.
          She rummages through her purse and hands Ray an envelope. He
          removes a coin. An old nickle.RAYA 1925 Indian head! Hey, good find.
          Where'd you get it?STEPHANIEOne of the tellers found it for me.
          Ray puts the coin back into the envelope and tucks it into
          his pocket.10.RAYThanks.STEPHANIEI'd better get back to work.
          She quickly gathers her things. Ray returns to grading his
          student's exams. The telephone RINGS. Ray hits the
          speakerphone.RAY.Doctor Dalton.
          It's the voice of an older woman, TRUDY.TRUDY ON SPEAKERPHONEHello dear.RAYHi Mom, can you hold on a sec?
          He turns from the phone, whispering to Stephanie:RAYI'll call you tonight.
          She kisses Ray and exits.INT. HALL OUTSIDE RAY'S OFFICE - DAYStephanie stops at the water fountain for a drink.RAY'S VOICENothing much. Just had lunch with
          Stephanie. And trying to get these
          midterms graded--
          She halts as she hears her name mentioned on Ray's
          speakerphone. She moves closer to Ray's office to eavesdrop:TRUDY'S VOICE--Stephanie? The one from the farm?RAY'S VOICEYou know who she is. She's coming
          over for dinner tomorrow night to
          meet you and dad.011.TRUDY'S VOICERay, I'm sure she's sweet, but she
          doesn't sound...RAY'S VOICEWhat?TRUDY'S VOICEI mean she's just a teller at some
          bank right? Raymond there's a
          reason that your father and I
          raised you in a certain way. We
          have expectations.RAY'S VOICEPlease, mom, not this again--TRUDY'S VOICEI heard that Julie Kulick is
          looking for someone to play tennis
          with. You know she graduated Yale
          law with honors. I'm told she's
          quite a successful attorney now. I
          gave you her number but her mother
          says you never called.RAY'S VOICEBecause I'm with Stephanie. I'm
          not looking for anybody else.TRUDY'S VOICEWould it kill you to--RAY'S VOICE--Mom. I have to go. See you
          tomorrow night. Okay? Bye.
          A downhearted Stephanie quietly exits.INT. BANK OF CALIFORNIA - BREAK ROOM - DAYAs Stephanie pours herself a cup of coffee, Stu and Mr. Jacks
          take the first bites of their sandwiches. Stu makes a face.
          He inspects the sandwich, shakes his head.STU(quietly to Mr. Jacks)
          She messed up my order.
          Stephanie heard that.12.STEPHANIENo I didn't, Stu.STUSteph, I said "no mayo".STEPHANIEYou never said that.
          Stu rolls his eyes to Mr. Jacks.
          Stephanie caught Stu's look, but what can she do? She
          exits.INT. BANK OF CALIFORNIA - LATERStephanie sits at her desk, entering data into her computer.
          She glances across the bank to see Stu and Mr. Jacks emerging
          from the break room. Stu is about to return to his desk when
          he remembers something: he's got two tickets to a Dodger game
          that he can't use. Mr. Jacks happily accepts the tickets.
          Stephanie looks to the vacant office of the Assistant
          Manager. She can feel her promotion slipping away.SCRATCH... SCRATCH...Stephanie looks to the source of the sound...
          A withered hand. An involuntary tremor causes it's yellowed
          fingernails to SCRATCH across the surface of Stephanie's
          desk...SCRATCH... SCRATCH...The hand belongs to MRS. SYLVIA GANUSH, the aged woman who
          site across from Stephanie. She wears a.formal dress and hat
          from another era. The outfit is threadbare in spots but great
          care has been taken to maintain it.MRS. GANUSH(Hungarian accent)
          Will you help me?STEPHANIEOf course. What can I do for you?
          Mrs. Ganush coughs up phlegm and spits it into a linen
          handkerchief, which she tucks back into her puree. She hands
          Stephanie a bunch of crumpled papers. Stephanie reviews them.13.STEPHANIEMrs. "Ganush"?
          The old woman nods.STEPHANIEThis is a delinquency notice... it
          says that the payment on your loan
          was due a number of months ago. And
          this other document... is a court
          order for repossession. The bank is
          informing you of their intent to
          repossess-your property at 325
          Brandon street, tomorrow.,MRS. GANUSHThe trucks are there now. The men
          are packing all my things. Private
          things. Please, make them stop.
          This is my home for twenty years.
          And I make every payment until the
          sickness took my eye.
          Mrs. Ganush turns her head to reveal a milky white eye.
          Stephanie hides her revulsion.STEPHANIEWell... do you have the payment
          with you now?MRS. GANUSHI hope to get it soon. I just need
          a little more time.STEPHANIEI don't think my manager is going
          to extend you anymore credit. I'd
          like to help but...MRS. GANUSHPlease. Won't you try?STEPHANIEOkay. Wait here.
          Stephanie stands and moves off. The Old Woman picks through a
          bowl of hard candies on Stephanie's desk.
          Stephanie stands before Mr. Jacks. He acknowledges her
          without looking up from his work.1B14.MR. JACKSWhat's up?STEPHANIEI've got an elderly woman asking
          for an extension on her mortgage
          payment.. They're in the process of
          repossessing her home. She's on a
          fixed income and she's had some
          medical problems. I was wondering
          if we could give her a break.
          Stephanie hands Mr. Jacks the loan file. He puts on his
          bifocals, studies it.
          Stephanie glances over her shoulder.STEPHANIE'S P.O.V. - HER DESKMrs. Ganush looks around to. make sure no one's watching, then
          tips the bowl of hard candies into her purse. She reaches.
          into her mouth and removes a set of stained dentures that she
          wraps in her linen handkerchief.
          She places a piece of hard candy into her mouth and gums it
          with a wet SUCKING sound. The Old Woman's one good eye,
          wanders about in ecstacy as she sucks on the sugary treat.MR. JACKSApparently, we've already granted
          her two extensions. And you know
          on this type of foreclosure, the
          bank makes a sizable amount in
          fees.
          He hands her back the file.STEPHANIEIt would mean I'd have to throw her
          out of her house.MR. JACKSTough decision. Your call.
          He leans back in his overstuffed leather chair and studies
          her. Stephanie glances to the vacant office of the Assistant
          Manager. The large oak desk. The thick carpet.
          She sees a calculating Stu Rubin eyeing her from his
          workstation.15.STEPHANIEI'll take care of it. 
          Stephanie returns to her desk.STEPHANIEMrs. Ganush, another extension on
          the loan is out of the question.MRS. GANUSHWhat?STEPHANIEI'm sorry.MRS. GANUSHNo. Please, it's my home... I'm
          begging you.STEPHANIEI tried to talk my boss into it but
          he just wouldn't approve.MRS. GANUSHBut where will I live?Stephanie leafs through the loan documents. She finds a name.STEPHANIEMrs. Ganush, you've given your
          granddaughter as a reference... It
          says here, she lives nearby...
          Wouldn't you be better off living
          with her?MRS. GANUSHI would not burden her.STEPHANIEOkay well, there's several fine
          "assisted living" facilities for
          the elderly.MRS GANUSHA nursing home? No. I will never
          live in one of those places1STEPHANIEWell, of course, that's your
          choice.16.MRS. GANUSHIt's yours.STEPHANIEI'm sorry there's nothing I can do.
          Mrs. Ganush begins to sob.MRS. GANUSHI am proud woman, Miss Brown, and
          never have I begged for anything.
          But I will beg for you now. This
          one time. I humble myself before
          you.STEPHANIEThat isn't necessary, please.
          Let's not make this personal. It's
          just the bank's policy. I'm really
          sorry Mrs. Ganush.
          Stephanie takes the loan documents and places them neatly
          into a manila folder. she glances up but Mrs. Ganush is gone..
          Stephanie turns in her chair and is startled to see the old
          woman, kneeling before her. She clutches Stephanie's leg with
          her gnarled hands.MRS. GANUSHHave mercy on me.
          Stephanie stands, tries to pull free, but the old woman will
          not release her leg.STEPHANIEPlease, let go.
          Customers turn to look. Mr. Jacks glances up from his desk.MR. JACKSWhat the hell?MRS. GANUSHI, Sylvia Ganush, beg. On my
          mother's grave, I beg you.STEPHANIEPlease, take your hands off me.
          But the old woman only clutches tighter.17.STEPHANIEt 
          I'm calling security.
          She picks up the phone and presses a button.STEPHANIE(into the phone)
          Could you please come over?
          Mrs. Ganush finally releases her grip and bows her head in
          humiliation.MRS. GANUSHYou shame me.
          She composes herself. Then, slowly stands, puffing up her
          chest. Mu3tering her damaged pride.MRS. GANUSHI begged you...
          Her one. good eye fixes it's hardened gaze upon Stephanie.MRS. GANUSH.and you shame me.
          Mrs. Ganush suddenly grasps Stephanie's arm. Stephanie tries
          to pull away but the old lady's grip is strong. Mrs. Ganush
          reaches out to pluck the charm bracelet from Stephanie's
          wrist-- but the Security Guard intervenes.SECURITY GUARDI think your business here is
          finished, ma'am.
          The Guard escorts Mrs. Ganush from the bank. Through the
          banks's window, Stephanie watches the Guard lead Mrs. Ganush
          to a old, Chevy Cavalier on the street.
          Stephanie composes herself and when she again looks up, the
          old woman's car is gone.DISSOLVE TO:INT. BANK - LATER16 The bank is closing. Stephanie is finishing some paper work
           when Mr. Jacks stops by her desk. 018.MR. JACKSThat was one nutty old lady. You
          okay?
          Stephanie nods.MR. JACKSYou handled that just right. And by
          the way, as far as the Assistant
          Manager's position... You're at the
          top of the list.STEPHANIEThanks.
          Mr. Jacks nods, heads for home. Stephanie loads a pile of
          contracts, a ruler and a desk stapler into a cardboard box
          and exits the bank. The Security guard locks up behind her.EXT. BANK OF CALIFORNIA - PARKING STRUCTURE - DAYStephanie waves as the last of her co-workers drive off. It's
          then that she notices the battered Chevy Caviler. It's parked
          in the structure.
          Stephanie looks closer. There's no one behind the wheel.
          She nervously glances about. No sign of Mrs. Ganush.
          Stephanie makes her way toward the safety of her car.
          Her FOOTSTEPS echo in the deserted structure, more loudly
          than she would like.
          She arrives at her car and quickly gets inside, locking the
          doors behind her. She places the box of contracts on the seat
          next to her. As she starts the engine, she notices a strange
          sight: something moving, skimming along the surface of the
          lot.
          It's Mrs. Ganush's linen handkerchief.
          It whisks about like a ghost, swirling closer and closer.
          Stephanie watches transfixed, as it flies right toward her
          car. It dips beneath her hood and is gone. It suddenly sweeps
          up into view, flittering up, over her windshield, and is
          carried off by the wind.
          Stephanie breathes a sigh of relief just as two wrinkled
          hands come up around her face! Mrs Ganush sits up in the
          back seat of her car! SHRIEKING with rage at Stephanie!419.MRS. GANUSH(In Hungarian)
          You bitch! I pluck out your fucking
          eyes!
          Mrs. Ganush's razor sharp fingernails lash out towards
          Stephanie's eyes. But Stephanie grabs the old woman's wrists,
          halting her.
          The withered hands drop down to wrap around Stephanie's
          throat. Stephanie fights for breath as she frantically
          searches for a weapon. Her hand finds the box on the seat
          next to her. She grabs a handful of colored push pins and
          jams them into the old woman's arm. Mrs. Ganush releases her
          grip. Stephanie has time for only a single gulp of air before
          Mrs. Ganush grabs two fistfuls of Stephanie's hair!. The old
          woman yanks upon it. Stephanie's head is pulled back, over
          the edge of the seat. Ganush braces her feet against the back
          of the front seat to pull even harder... Stephanie's neck is
          now bent so far back it's about to snap!
          Stephanie's hand finds the stapler, trips the release. It
          springs open. She swings it back over her shoulder!
          Ka-Thunk! Ka-Thunk! Ka-Thunk!
          With each blow, she delivers a staple into Mrs. Ganush's
          forehead.
          Ka-Thunk! A lucky shot-- the old lady's white eye is stapled
          shut.
          The old woman HOWLS, but her grip on Stephanie's hair only
          tightens.
          Stephanie, about to black out, throws the car into gear and
          hits the gas. As the car' accelerates, Stephanie fastens her
          shoulder harness with the last of her strength.
          The old woman's stapled eyelid POPS open just in time for her
          to see... an oncoming concrete column.
          Stephanie's car slams into it. Stephanie is held fast by her
          shoulder harness.
          But Mrs. Ganush's body hurtles forward over the front seat,
          impacting against the dashboard with tremendous force.
          Close shot of the old woman's head slamming into the dash. In
          a spray of broken teeth, her dentures eject from her mouth.20.Both women are dazed from the impact. Stephanie regains her
          wits first. She reaches across Mrs. Ganush and opens the
          passenger door.
          Mrs. Ganush stirs, but before she can come to, Stephanie's
          foot shoves her out. The old woman hits the ground hard but
          she sits up suddenly with a SNARL and starts to climb back
          in. Stephanie shifts the car into reverse. The opened
          passenger door knocks Mrs. Ganush back down to the pavement.
          The car's rear bumper slams into a concrete column. Stephanie
          is dazed.
          Mrs. Ganush crawls to her feet and begins limping toward the
          car.
          Stephanie tries to focus. A blurred image in the rear view
          mirror: Mrs. Ganush running closer,'SHRIEKING with old world
          rage!
          The Old Woman reaches for the opened passenger door but
          Stephanie closes it and locks it just in time! Mrs. Ganush
          furiously pulls on the door handle to no,avail.STEPHANIEI beat you, you old bitch! Next
          time take your Geretol!
          The old woman bends down, beneath Stephanie's view. Stephanie
          looks about. Where'd she go?
          The old woman pops up into view, raising a chunk of concrete
          and... CRASHI Stephanie SCREAMS as the window shatters.
          The old woman's head juts into the cart She clamps her
          toothless maw down upon Stephanie.'s chin. Suckling it,
          gumming. The old woman's good eye rolls about in ecstacy.
          Stephanie SHRIEKS as she pushes the slobbering head away.
          Strands of spittle form a bridge from the old woman's mouth
          to Ste
          phanie's jaw.
          The old woman's wrinkled hands grope about the front seat.
          She finds her dentures, now damaged from the fight. She
          GRUNTS as she jams them back into her mouth. She comes at
          Stephanie, mouth wide open and SHRIEKING!
          Stephanie grabs the wooden ruler from her cardboard box and
          shoves it down the old lady's throat. Mrs. Ganush gags,
          trying to retch up the ruler.21.Then Stephanie is suddenly screaming herself, as the old
          1 Woman has grabbed her legs and is dragging her from the car.
          Stephanie hits the pavement. She shields her face with her
          hands, waiting, but the blow never comes. The old woman
          standing above her, WHEEZING.MRS. GANUSHYou shamed me.
          The Old Woman reaches down. Stephanie flinches. Mrs.'Ganush's
          gnarled hand plucks a thin brass button from the sleeve of
          Stephanie's coat. She waves the button through the air, and
          breathes out a single word:MRS. GANUSHLamia...
          Clouds move past the setting Sun. A shadow falls over
          Stephanie. A cold wind makes her shiver.STEPHANIEWhat--? What are you doing?
          Stephanie sits up, reaching for her button. But the old woman
          1 moves it out of reach.MRS. GANUSHYou want it?
          Stephanie snatches the button back. Mrs. Ganush smiles
          cryptically as Stephanie stuffs the button into her coat
          pocket.MRS. GANUSHSoon it will be you, who comes
          begging to me. It begins tonight
          when you hear the cry.STEPHANIEWhat cry?MRS. GANUSHThe Lamia. It's coming for you.
          A large black, BUZZING fly lands on Stephanie's face. She
          swats it away. Her vision blurs and she grows dizzy. She
          leans against the car for support. When she finally looks up,
          Mrs. Ganush is gone.22.INT. POLICE STATION - SARGENT'S DESK - NIGHTStephanie and Ray have just finished filing a report withOFFICER NAIMARK.RAYWhat about a restraining order?OFFICER NAIMARKWell that's usually only something
          we do if there's a pattern of
          harassment. But like I said, we'll
          file a report and keep it on record
          in case you do have a continuing
          problem. But once we send an
          officer around to have a word with,
          her, I don't think she'll be
          bothering you again.STEPHANIEThank you, you've been very
          helpful.EXT. VENTURA BLVD - LATER THAT NIGHTStephanie and Ray eat ice cream cones as they walk past the
          shops.RAYI just thank God you're okay. You
          are okay, right?STEPHANIEI'm fine.
          Ray waits, sensing that there's more to it.RAYYour fine, but...STEPHANIEI-- It's just that I could have
          gotten her another extension. But I
          didn't.RAYLoo]. You said the bank had already
          granted her two extensions.(MORE)423.RAY (cont'd)
          When you don't pay your mortgage
          you lose your house, what did she
          t expect?STEPHANIEI guess.
          A breeze. She shivers. He wraps his arms around her
          protectively and after a moment, they walk on. Stephanie
          watches wistfully as a YOUNG COUPLE coo over their BABY.
          Behind the couple, Stephanie notices a neon sign in a
          storefront window. It reads: PSYCHIC.STEPHANIELet's get our fortune's read!RAYYou're kidding right?
          She cajoles a protesting Ray through the front door of the
          establishment.INT. STOREFRONT - NIGHTA tiny waiting room. A poster on the wall indicating the
          energy meridians of the human body.RAYI just hope to God none of my
          students see me here. Five bucks
          says he's wearing a turban.
          A beaded curtain parts, revealing...
          Rham Jas, a small, dark skinned, fifty year old Indian man.
          He wears a plain black suit and a white turban. His
          inquisitive eyes evaluate the couple.RHAM JASI am Rham Jas. Seer.STEPHANIEHow do you do? I'm Stephanie Brown
          and this is Ray...RAYBut you probably already knew that.
          Just kidding.
          Rham Jas gives Ray a tight smile.24.RHAM JASHow can I help you?STEPHANIEWe'd like to have our fortunes
          read. Can you do that? Read the
          future?RHAM JASI have the ability to see certain
          energies... Sometimes these '
          energies are a foretoken of things
          to come. Sometimes not. Sixty
          dollars, please.RAYSixty dollars? Isn't that a little
          steep for this kind of thing?RHAM JASThen go. There are many who would
          claim to be seers. But they are
          not. Although you would pay them
          little... you would receive
          nothing. If you.are not serious,
          go.
          Rham Jas turns to depart through the beaded curtain.STEPHANIEWait.
          She removes some bills from her purse but Ray waves her off,
          handing Rham Jas a credit card.RHAM JASPlatinum card. Very good.
          He swipes Ray's card through the credit card machine.
          INT Rham Jas'S BACK ROOM - NIGHT
          A sparsely furnished, dimly lit room. The walls are lined
          with old books. Rham Jas stands before Stephanie and Ray, who
          sit at a card table. Stephanie giggles with excitement.STEPHANIESorry.
          Rham Jas smiles back.25.RHAM JASThat's quite all right. So, you
          wish to know something of your
          destiny. Very good. We shall see
          what the fates have in store.
          Rham Jas crosses to the window and closes the curtains.RAYFreud said destiny was not an act
          of fate but rather something
          created by our subconscious to
          control our conscious choices.RHAM JASThat is true. But... "We should not
          pretend to understand the world
          only by intellect."RAYCarl Jung...RHAM JASYes. From his treatise
          "Psychological types".Ray studies this strange man as he strikes a match and lights
          a candle. There's more to him than meets the eye. Ray brushes
          it off.RAYJung-- the New Agers' favorite
          psychologist.RHAM JASBecause he wasn't afraid to bring
          God into the equation.
          Rham Jas takes a seat at the table, across from Stephanie.RHAM JASYour hand, please.
          Stephanie extends her hand to Rham Jas. He closes his eyes
          and concentrates. Stephanie smiles excitedly to Ray, who
          raises a skeptical eyebrow.RHAM JASYou,work with money.TO26.STEPHANIEThat's right! 4RHAM JASBut... you've lost something.STEPHANIENo. I don't think so.RHAM JASNo. No, you're right. Something's
          been taken from you.STEPHANIENo, I-
          Rham Jas grabs her arm and turns it, revealing the threads.
          that once held the button on her coat sleeve.RHAM JASA button.STEPHANIEWell, yes! Some Old Woman...RAYWell anyone can see she lost a
          button. So what?STEPHANIEBut Ray, it was very strange. At
          the bank today. The old woman...
          the one I told you about... she
          plucked the button right from my
          sleeve.RAYWhy would she do that?RHAM JASIf you would please, both be quiet.
          Rham Jae concentrates, his eyelids flutter. Stephanie appears
          uneasy. The flame of the candle begins to flicker as a breeze
          sweeps through the room. The wind chimes TINKLE. Ray pulls
          his collar closed against the sudden chill in the air. Rham
          Jas's back stiffens.427.He releases Stephanie's hand and stands. He moves away from
          the table, uncomfortable. With a handkerchief,' he dabs
          perspiration from his brow.RHAM JASI think that is enough for now.STEPHANIEWait. You saw something. What?RHAM JASI'm sorry. I'm tired and I see it's
          become quite late. Of course I will
          refund your money.STEPHANIETell me. Please.
          Rham Jas hesitates, then...RHAM JASA bad spirit has come upon you.STEPHANIEHow?RHAM JASDid you blaspheme the dead while
          visiting a grave site?STEPHANIENo.RHAM JASDo you play with Ouija board or
          confer with those who practice the
          black arts?RAYWhat is this?!STEPHANIENo. No, I didn't.RHAM JASThen perhaps someone has cursed
          you.STEPHANIEWho? 028.Rham Jas turns her wrist, exposing the loose threads on her
          coat sleeve.CLOSE ON THE THREADSwhere the brass button once was.EXT. HILLS OF SILVER LAKE -- NIGHTRay and Stephanie cruise along the dark, winding hills. Ray
          looks over at Stephanie.STEPHANIEHow did he know all that?RAYKnow what? That you lost,a button?1
          He makes some good guesses, stirs
          you up, leaving you with a lot of
          questions. And conveniently, his
          business card. C'mon, he's a scam
          artist.STEPHANIEHe didn't want the money. He tried
          to give the money back.RAYIn the end, he took it, didn't he?STEPHANIEI guess so.EXT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE - NIGHTRay and Stephanie step from the car. They open a rusting iron
          gate, and walk up the hilly path to Stephanie's slightly
          funky Silver Lake rental house.INT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE - FOYER - NIGHTRay and Stephanie step inside. The kitten PURRS around
          Stephanie's feet. Ray picks it up.RAYSo this is him. Got a name?STEPHANIEUh... just "Kitty" so far.29.She takes the cat from Ray, cuddles it.RAYSure you don't want me to spend the
          night?STEPHANIEDon't tempt me. I've got to prep a
          presentation for the morning.RAYokay.
          Ray kisses her, opens the front door and exits. He calls back
          to her from his car:RAYRemember, dinner at my folk's
          house, tomorrow night. We're
          supposed to bring desert. I could
          pick something up?STEPHANIENo. I'm planning on baking my
          special cake.RAYSounds good. Try not to stay up too
          late.
          Ray waves and steps into his car. Stephanie watches him drive
          off.INT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHTStephanie site at the kitchen table in her flannel pajamas,
          entering financial data into her laptop. An episode of
          "Desperate Housewives" plays in the background on TV. A
          baking timer CHIMES. Stephanie removes a beautifully browned
          cake from the oven and sets it on the counter to cool. Her
          roommate, ELLEN, comes down the stairs, snuggling the kitten.STEPHANIEIsn't he adorable?ELLENLet's hope the landlord thinks so.
          She sets down,the kitten and picks up her overnight bag. 030.ELLENTWhat about you? You going to be
          okay? You know, I don't have to go
          out tonight.STEPHANIENo, I'm fine. Have a good time.ELLENDo I look great? Be honest.STEPHANIE.You look great.
          Ellen smiles, grabs her car keys and heads for the door.STEPHANIEBut... Isn't that Marci's dress?ELLENYeah. And if she calls, tell her
          not to go bi-polar on me, I'll'get
          it back to her by tomorrow. Or the
          next day. Bye!
          Ellen exits.
          Stephanie places butter into a mixer for the cake frosting.
          Through the kitchen window we can see Ellen walking down the
          path, toward the street. She steps through the iron gate,
          latching it closed behind her.EXT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE - NIGHTEllen's car pulls away. The wind kicks up, whisking leaves
          about, as though something where moving up the path and
          toward the front gate of the house.INT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHTAn unsettling SHRIEK! what the hell was that? Stephanie sets
          down the measuring cup.
          She moves to the front door. Locks it.
          She looks out the kitchen window. The iron. gate is now open.
          It SHRIEKS as it swings back and forth in the wind.31.Suddenly, the latch gives way and the windows swing open!
          1 Wind sweeps through the kitchen, whipping dead leaves about.
          The hanging pans bang together! KLANG! KLANG!
          Stephanie forces the windows closed.
          The wind dies. The room grows eerily quiet.
          A car passes in the street below. It's headlights sweep
          across the house. The headlight beams throw moving shadows on
          the wall. Stephanie notices that one particular shadow is
          darker than the others. It becomes the silhouette of Mrs.
          Ganush, but there's no one in the room with her.
          The car passes and the shadows vanish.
          Sensing something, the Kitten arches it's back. Now Stephanie
          feels it. A presence. The light bulb begins to sputter.
          She holds her breath, listens.
          The floorboards CREAK. Something is walking towards her. She
          spins around, but there's nothing there. The SOUND of
          footsteps drawing closer.
          She backs against the wall, trembling.
          Suddenly Stephanie's face is struck by an invisible hand! She
          cries out. Her mouth is bleeding.
          She runs for the door. She's almost there. Her hand reaches
          for the knob, when something unseen picks her up. She SCREAMS
          as she is thrown against the wall. She falls to the floor.
          Lifting her head, she catches her own reflection in theWINDOW:In the reflection, as the light bulb flickers, we see a flash
          of ghostly hands that grope at her body. They reach up
          through the floor, and clutch at her legs, buttocks and
          breasts.STEPHANIEGet off me! Get off!
          The phantom hands vanish. Stephanie looks about, eyes wild.INT. RAY'S HOUSE - NIGHT32.Stephanie is wearing Ray's overcoat atop her pajamas. She
          nervously paces the room. Ray hurries in, handing her a pack
          of frozen peas that she presses against her bloody lip.RAYSo she came to your house? This is
          crazy. I'm calling that police
          officer.
          He begins to dial but Stephanie stops him.STEPHANIERay, you're not listening. It
          wasn't her. It was something that
          she sicked on me...RAYI don't understand.STEPHANIEI didn't tell you the whole story.
          That old woman... after she knocked
          me down, and pulled the button from
          my coat, she told me that...RAYWhat?STEPHANIEShe said that something was coming
          for me... and it did.
          Ray stares at her with concern.INT. RAY'S HOUSE - LATERDOCTOR RANGIVERTZ, wearing jeans and a UCLA basketball
          sweatshirt, concludes his interview with Stephanie. He
          carries a small black medical bag as he steps from the living
          room to speak with Ray.DOCTOR RANGAVERTZRay, you were right to call me.
          Never a good idea to be personally
          involved with your patient.RAYWhat do you think?433.DOCTOR RANGAVERTZ1b Medically, she's fine. She's just 
          very distraught. She's displaying
          some paranoia and a sense of panic.
          Classic symptoms of a post
          traumatic stress disorder. Probably
          a result of being assaulted by that
          old woman.
          Doctor Rangavertz scribbles out a prescription and hands it
          to Ray.RAYHow worried should I be?DOCTOR RANGAVERTZWe'll have to wait and see.INT. RAY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT'Stephanie lays peacefully in bed, almost asleep. A bottle of
          sedatives on the bedside table. Ray pulls up the blanket
          around her exposed shoulder. Stephanie sighs, turns to him.RAYHow you doing?STEPHANIEBetter now. At the time it just
          seemed so real. I'm so embarrassed.RAYDon't be, you had a terrible day
          and you.got a little wigged out. It
          happens.STEPHANIEpo, what now, Doc?RAYI was gonna surprise you, but what
          the hell. I've been planning a
          little trip for us this week end.
          Saturday morning we're taking a
          train to Santa Barbara.STEPHANIEReally?34.RAYMy family owns a cabin up there. In,
          the hills. Overlooking this little
          river. We'll light a fire, drink
          some champagne and screw our brains
          out.STEPHANIEYou sure know how to talk to a
          girl.RAYIt's a chance to just be together.
          Undisturbed. There's a lot of stuff
          I want to talk to you abqut but it
          never seems to be the right time.STEPHANIESounds nice.
          She draws in a deep breath and for the first time that
          evening, she looks at peace. Ray watches, her as she closes
          her eyes and drifts off to sleep.FADE TO BLACK.INT. RAY'S BEDROOM - MORNING.Tweeting birds and filtered sunlight streaming in through the
          window, awaken Stephanie. She stretches and looks to the
          empty pillow next to her. Ray is gone.
          She tries to fall back asleep, but the sound of a dripping
          faucet keeps her awake. Frustrated, she gets out of bed and
          steps into the bathroom.
          WITHERED HANDS clamp around Stephanie's throat, violently
          SHAKING her!MRS GANUSHYou shamed mel
          MATCH CUT to:
          Ray SHAKING her!RAYSteph! Wake Upl435.She awakens in her bed, SCREAMING!10 40STEPHANIEOh my God: Oh GodlRAYIt was just a dream. It's okay.
          She gets control. Ray smooths out the tangled hair from her
          sweaty face. He looks deeply into her eyes, afraid of what's
          happening to her. The phone in the next room, RINGS.'Ray
          looks over, decides to ignore it. It keeps RINGING.STEPHANIEGo ahead.RAYI'll be right back.
          He steps into the next room and we hear him answer the phone.
          Stephanie sighs and lays back down... next to Mrs. Ganush!
          The Old Woman is covered in.a swarm of BLACK FLIES! StephanieSHRIEKS!The Old Woman opens her maw, exposing sharp broken teeth. She
          lunges for Stephanie! 
          Stephanie grabs the old woman by her hair, halting the
          chomping teeth inches from her face. She tries to push Mrs.
          Ganush away.
          But the Old Woman's yellowed teeth SNAP and press ever
          closer.
          The muscles in Stephanie's arms are trembling. She is
          weakening. Mrs. Ganush, closes in, about to clamp her teeth
          down upon Stephanie's face when--
          Stephanie suddenly awakens with a GASP. It was all a dream
          within a dream.
          She bolts up out of bed. Takes her bearings. She's alone in
          Ray's bedroom. She checks the bathroom. Under the bed. All
          normal.
          Ray enters.RAYYou, okay?036.STEPHANIENo. No-- Oh my God. I had some 4
          dreams. Awful.RAYWant to tell me about them?STEPHANIEThe old lady. She was here... I
          couldn't wake up.
          Stephanie shakes her head. She can't finish.
          Ray pulls back the drapes. Sunlight pours into the room.
          Stephanie tries to put the dream out of her mind. Ray sits
          next to her, strokes her hair.RAYDoctor Rangervertz said you could
          stop by his office during your
          lunch hour.
          Stephanie nods.EXT. BANK OF CALIFORNIA - MORNINGRay's car stops in front of the Bank.INT. RAY'S CARStephanie looks across the street to the parking structure.
          Her car is there. The window has been replaced.RAYI had them replace the window last
          night. Still needs some body work.STEPHANIE-Thank you, Ray.
          She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.RAYWe've got to be prepared that it
          might take some time for you to get
          over this.
          She nods.INT. BANK OF CALIFORNIA -- DAY 437.Stephanie enters the bank. She guilty glancep to the clock.
          It's 9:40. She's late. She tries to be discreet as she
          moves to her desk, hoping Mr. Jacks won't notice. She's
          almost there when Stu Rubin "accidently" knocks a note book
          off his desk.
          Mr. Jacks glances up and notes Stephanie's tardiness.
          Stu approaches Stephanie's desk.STU RUBINHi Steph. Just getting here?STEPHANIEWhat are you, the hall monitor?STU RUBINHa ha! You're funny, Steph.STEPHANIEWhat do you want?STU RUBINI need you to finish teaching me
          the loan procedures.TSTEPHANIEI've got a lot on my mind. Let's do
          it tomorrow.STU RUBINSure. I'll just tell Mr. Jacks that
          you don't have the time right now.
          Maybe he can show me.
          She glances up. Mr. Jacks'is still watching her.STEPHANIENo, no, that's all right. I'll do
          it. Where were we?STU RUBINWe were going over the asset-based
          lending guidelines.STEPHANIERight. Okay. Let's say your client
          is a company that can't get
          traditional bank financing but
          10 needs a secured loan. We offer--38.SCRATCH... SCRATCH...Stephanie looks around for the source of the sound, but can't
          find it.STUYeah?STEPHANIE.uh, we offer several types of
          asset-based lending which consist
          of revolving lines of credit and
          term loans secured by accounts
          receivables, their inventory,
          machinery-- ,SCRATCH... SCRATCH...Stephanie sees...
          That Stu's hand has been replaced by MRS. GANUSH'S... it's
          yellowed fingernails SCRATCH across her desk. She looks again,
          and Stu's hand has returned to normal.STU---and?STEPHANIE(in her full Missouri twang)
          --And get your filthy pig knuckle
          off my desk!
          Stu is taken aback by Stephanie's outburst. He retreats to
          his desk in confusion.
          Stephanie sits, rattled. A drop of blood falls onto a piece
          of paper on her desk. The blood is trickling from her nose.
          Stephanie grabs a tissue to halt the bleeding. She looks
          down to see a large black fly land upon the drop of blood.
          She gasps and stands, her mind racing. She knows what she
          must do. She finds Mrs. Ganush's loan documents. She stuffs
          them into a folder, grabs her purse and bolts for the exit.
          Mr. Jacks engaged with a customer, calls after her:MR. JACKSStephanie? Where are you going?
          She moves quickly out the door, pretending not to hear him.439.Stu watches Stephanie go and gets up from his desk. She's 
          left some files behind. He snoops around his desk. He notices
          a folder marked CONFIDENTIAL. It's the McPherson loan file.
          Interesting. He picks it up.EXT. MRS. GANUSH'S HOUSE - DAYAn old, wood bungalow that has seen better days. A MOVING
          TRUCK in the driveway.
          Stephanie's car pulls up. she steps out, carrying Mrs.
          Ganush's loan documents.
          She passes the MOVING MEN who load the last of Mrs. Ganush's
          things.
          She arrives at the opened front door, gathers her courage and
          KNOCKS. No answer. She calls out:STEPHANIEMrs. Ganush?
          No answer. She steps inside.5 5INT. MRS GANUSH'S FOYER - DAYIt's dark and musty here. The place is barren but for some
          flattened cardboard boxes. Stephanie tries the light switch.
          No Power.STEPHANIEMrs. Ganush? '
          She moves forward into the living room.INT. MRS. GANUSH'S LIVING ROOM - DAYIts too dark to see much of anything. Stephanie stumbles over
          something left on the floor. A voice:MRS. GANUSHI knew you'd come.
          Stephanie almost jumps out of her skin. As her eyes adjust
          she sees Mrs. Ganush sitting on a crate in the corner of the
          room. Her arthritic hands clutching a yellowed photograph.040.STEPHANIEHi. I'm here because I think I can
          help you. I can get your house back
          for you.MRS. GANUSHIt's so empty now.STEPHANIE .I can arrange for all your
          furniture to be brought back. Would
          that be okay?
          Mrs Ganush does not look up from the photograph.STEPHANIESo... on behalf of the bank I just
          want to resolve this to your
          satisfaction. This whole thing got
          personal and there was really no
          reason for that. The bank made a
          mistake and I can fix it for you
          and in return I'd like you to-
          cancel or call off, whatever you...
          you know-- that thing you did to
          me. Okay? No hard feelings. So...STEPHANIEMy mother was a proud woman.
          Dignity. That's what she had.
          Stephanie nods. Waits an appropriate moment, then: places the
          document gently down on the floor next to Mrs. Ganush.STEPHANIEAll you need to do is. sign here...
          Stephanie offers her a pen.STEPHANIE.and I'll take care of the rest.
          Mrs. Ganush's hard eyes find Stephanie's. They bore in.MRS. GANUSHNo.41.STEPHANIE1No? But... I'm saying I'll make
          things right. Just sign this and
          you can keep the house. Isn't that
          what you wanted?MRS. GANUSHIt was what I wanted before you
          shamed me. Now I want to see you
          suffer.STEPHANIEPlease! I've suffered enough!MRS GANUSHNot yet!
          Mrs. Ganush suddenly erupts in a broken toothed CACKLE.STEPHANIEYou're insane! Just... just a crazy
          old woman! I don't even know why I
          came here!1 MRS. GANUSHYou know why.
          Terrified, Stephanie runs from the place.EXT. MRS. GANUSH'S HOUSE - DAYThe Old Woman's CACKLING can still be heard as Stephanie
          hurries to her car and drives off.EXT. SEVEN ELEVEN PARKING LOT - LATERStephanie site in her parked car.INT. STEPHANIE'S CARStephanie is eating from a package of DOUBLE STUFF OREOS,
          joylessly jamming one after another into her mouth. Her eyes
          dart about: Who could help her? Then she remembers
          something. She sets down the cookies and rummages through
          her purse. She finds the business card of Rham Jas. She
          starts the car and drives off.EXT. INTERSECTION - DAYTO42.Stephanie halts at a red light. out of the corner of her eye
          she sees something odd.STEPHANIE'S POV - ON THE STREETStu Rubin walking with two well dressed executives.STEPHANIEStu?
          The men warmly escort into the First National Bank.STEPHANIEWhat's he doing at First National?
          The car behind her HONKS! She drives on.EXT. RHAM JAS' STOREFRONT - DAYStephanie's car is parked in the street.INT. STOREFRONT - DAYStephanie stands before a counter facing Rham Jas. He swipes
          her credit card through the machine.
          She signs the receipt. He motions for her to follow him
          through the beaded curtain.
          INT. BACK ROOM OF RHAM Jas'S STOREFRONT - DAY
          on a plain wooden table.a samovar brews a musty tea. Rham Jas
          is reading from an ancient text. He looks up from the book,-
          solemn.RHAM JASWhat did it sound like.STEPHANIELike... shrieking. It was awful.
          He nods. Closes the book.RHAM JASThat would be the Lamia. The "Black
          Goat".443.STEPHANIELamia. Right. That's the word the 
          old woman used.RHAM JASIt is a nasty spirit. A taker of
          souls. A creature of misfortune for
          you and those around you. It is
          often summoned by the Gypsies for
          their dour deeds. On the third day
          the Lamia comes for the owner of
          the accursed object.STEPHANIEAccursed object? What object?RHAM JASSomething that the old woman took
          from you, cursed, then gave back.
          Now it dawns on Stephanie. She looks to the threads on her
          coat.STEPHANIEThe button...Stephanie's hand slowly emerges from her coat pocket. The
          thin brass button in her palm.STEPHANIE.this?
          She holds the button up for him to inspect. But it's presence
          makes him uneasy..He wags his finger back and forth. She
          lowers it.STEPHANIEWhat if I just burn the thing?RHAM JASNo matter what condition the button
          is in, you would still be the
          owner. The Lamia would still come
          to take you.STEPHANIETake me where?NO44.Rham Jas gives her a sad smile and closes the text. She
          knows where. Stymied, she tucks the button back into her coat
          pocket.STEPHANIEThere's got to be something I can
          do.RHAM JASYes. There are many ways to appease
          a spirit. The simplest is a blood
          offering. An animal sacrifice. A
          small creature would do. You could
          sacrifice a chicken. It's all in
          here...
          Rham Jas produces a modern book on animal sacrifice which he
          sets before her.STEPHANIENo way. I'm a vegetarian. I'm a
          member of PETA, for Christ's sake.
          I don't go around killing animals.RHAM JASYou will be surprised what you will
          be willing to do when the Lamia
          comes for you.
          She considers his words, looks down to the book.
          CLOSE ON A DIAGRAM OF AN ANIMAL SACRIFICE - A creature's
          heart being cut from it's body.
          CAMERA pulls back to reveal that Stephanie now site at her
          kitchen table, reading the book. We see other diagrams: The
          heart being placed into a skillet over an open fire. The
          burial of the smoking heart. Stephanie's kitten PURRS, as it
          rubs against her leg.
          Stephanie closes the book, shutting out the disturbing
          images.
          She hears the SHRIEK of the rusty gate outside. She moves to
          the window and peers out. The rusting iron gate is open.
          Stephanie senses a change in the room... Shadows shift and
          grow deeper. The air is suddenly oppressive. Something is
          coming.45.She moves to the front door and puts her ear to it. Quiet.
          1b But then--SCRATCH... SCRATCH...She runs upstairs into her bedroom and locks the door.INT. STEPHANIE'S BEDROOMShe can hear the sound of the SCRATCHING, even here.,
          She rushes to the phone picks it up: No dial tone, only high
          pitched static, the sounds of the Lamia buried within.
          She sets the phone down.
          For a moment all is quiet. Should she go back down? Then she
          hears a tiny SQUEAKING. The knob on the front door, turning.
          Then the CLICK of the lock, followed by the CREAKING of rusty
          hinges as the front door swings open. She calls through her
          bedroom door.STEPHANIEEllen? !
          But it's not Ellen. 
          Stephanie puts her,ear to the door. The sound of an animal's
          hooves on wood. Something is climbing the stairs. It stops
          outside her bedroom door.
          Stephanie holds her breath, listening.
          She sees a shadow beneath the crack in the door.STEPHANIEI know that you're there!
          The window behind her explodes into the room with a deafeningROAR!She ducks for cover. Another window is blown inward and the
          glass sent her way. She SCREAMS and runs toward the bathroom
          door. It SLAMS shut in her face!
          BOOM! Another window is SHATTERED by the angry, unseen thing.
          The force knocks her to the bed. The blankets are torn from
          the mattress, throwing Stephanie to the floor. The bedsheets
          whisk around the room, flapping and twisting about like
          1b drunken ghosts.46.She tries to run but they tangle around her legs and yank her
          into the air, suspending her upside down, taking her on a
          wild and harrowing ride about the room.
          Abruptly all the madness halts: She drops to the floor. The
          bedsheet wafts to the ground beside her. Whatever it was,
          .it's gone. It's quiet now. A terrified Stephanie sits,
          shaking, in the wreckage of her room.INT. STEPHANIE'S KITCHEN - LATERWith a trembling hand, she jams a ZAGNUT BAR into her mouth,
          and drops the wrapper onto a pile of others on the floor.
          She chases it with a double shot of Maker's Mark Whiskey. She
          removes a knife from the butcher block and hefts. it's weight.
          She sings out, in a sweet but trembling voice.STEPHANIEHere kitty-kitty... Here, kitty-
          kitty-kitty...
          She moves closer until her face fills the screen.EXT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE - DAYThe distant SCREAM of the kitten is heard. We hear it again
          and again until it is finally silenced. 4INT. BATHROOM - DAYStephanie having been sick, emerges from the bathroom, wiping
          her mouth.INT. STEPHANIE'S KITCHEN -DAYStephanie throws something small and bloody inside the
          microwave oven and turns it on.STEPHANIE'S BACKYARD GARDEN AFTERNOONShe buries the heart in a corner of her garden.
          She turns on the garden hose, washing the cat's blood from
          the knife.ELLEN'S VOICESteph?
          Stephanie quickly tosses the knife into the bushes. Ellen
          appears.47.ELLENt 
          Didn't you hear me calling? I was
          looking all over for you. Are you
          power eating Clark bars again?
          'Cause there's about ten thousand
          wrappers all over the-- Oh my God,
          is that blood?1
          Stephanie glances guiltily to the corner of the garden. But
          no blood shows.STEPHANIENo. Why would there be blood?ELLENRight there, on your sleeve.
          Stephanie glances at the red spot on her sleeve.STEPHANIEThat's just tomato juice. I was
          inside making a salad and... I cut
          a tomato and I must have gotten it
          on my sleeve.
          Ellen gives her roommate a worried look.ELLENLook, Steph, we're friends so if
          something's wrong...STEPHANIEI had some problems. A situation.
          But I think everything is going to
          be good now.
          Ellen isn't so sure.INT. STEPHANIE'S BEDROOM - DAYStephanie closes her bedroom door so Ellen can't see the
          damage. Stephanie cleans up the place. As she picks up some
          of her things, she comes across an old photograph.
          CLOSER: It's a photo of 16 year old Stephanie. She was
          obese. Her belly unflatteringly protrudes from beneath a "4-
          H" tee shirt. She stands before some barnyard animals, a
          bucket of feed in her hand.48.Stephanie looks distastefully down at her former self. She
          tears up the photo and dumps it in the waste basket.INT. KITCHEN -- AFTERNOONThe music grows lighter as Stephanie models a couple of
          dresses in front of Ellen, who's helping decide on the
          evening's wardrobe.ELLENGo with the short skirt.STEPHANIEWhat about this one?
          She hold up a longer, more formal dress.ELLENUh uh. That one's saying "I'm
          trying to impress you with my
          conservative taste."STEPHANIEBut that's what I want it to say.
          Ellen shakes her head, no. Stephanie takes a last look in the
          mirror, decides to go with the short skirt.STEPHANIEOkay. This is it.ELLENTell me again... the exact words he
          used.STEPHANIEJust that this little cabin would
          be a great place for us to really
          connect and that there was
          something he'd been meaning to talk
          about with me.ELLENOh my god, you are so engaged!
          Ellen's smile fades. She shakes her head despondently.STEPHANIEWhat's wrong? I49.ELLENt 
          I just know that Rob's never going
          to ask me.STEPHANIEBut I thought you said that
          relationship was only physical.ELLENOh, I'd never marry a guy like
          that... but I'd still like him to
          ask me.STEPHANIEHuh.EXT. NICHOLAS CANYON - DUSKStephanie's car pulling up in front of Ray's hillside house.
          The convertible top is down and Stephanie looks radiant in
          the golden sunlight.RAY'S VOICELet's get a look at that dress.
          She steps from the car and models the dress. SSTEPHANIEYou likeRAYI like.INT. STEPHANIE'S CAR - DUSKRAY AND STEPHANIEdrive through the streets of Bel Air, Stephanie at the wheel.
          She tunes in a rock station and turns it up loud. She smiles
          at Ray and takes his hand.
          She hits the gas and her Ford Focus opens up, accelerating
          down a long, tree lined street, the wind blowing through
          their hair.EXT. DALTON HOUSE - DUSKStephanie and Ray approach the front door. Stephanie carries
          her home made cake. They ring the bell. Stephanie suddenly
          seems apprehensive.50.RAYSomething wrong?STEPHANIEIt's just that I'm not, some ivy
          leaguer with an impressive resume.
          I have a feeling that's what your
          folks really want.RAYMaybe. But in the end, it's about
          what you and I want.STEPHANIEIs that so?
          Ray gives her a reassuring nod.
          The front door opens revealing Ray's parents, GEORGE AND
          TRUDY DALTON. Behind them we glimpse an exquisitely furnished
          foyer.TRUDYRAYMONDLShe kisses her son.RAYStephanie, this is my mother,
          Trudy, and my Father, George.
          Trudy glances at Stephanie's revealing cocktail dress with
          thinly veiled disapproval. Stephanie self-consciously tugs it
          lower.TRUDYHow do you do?GEORGENice tp meet you, Stephanie.STEPHANIEIt's very nice to meet you, too.GEORGEPlease, come in.STEPHANIEThank you.A'51.She steps inside.1INT. DALTON'S HOUSESTEPHANIEYou have a lovely home.GEORGEThanks. I'll get us something to
          drink.
          As George exits, Stephanie presents her home made cake to
          Trudy.STEPHANIEI hope you don't mind. I baked
          something for you.
          Trudy hesitates, then takes the cake from Stephanie.TRUDYIt's lovely. Homemade.STEPHANIEIt's a harvest cake.TRUDYHarvest cake? Is'that some kind of
          cake you make on a... farm?STEPHANIEWe used to, yeah, when you have a
          lot of extra duck eggs. Especially
          right before spring; that's when
          you get a real dense yolk. Makes
          for, rich cake.
          The mother forces a smile.TRUDYYou must give me the recipe
          sometime.STEPHANIESure. It's easy. The real
          secret's in the milk. You want it
          unpasteurized.052.TRUDYUnclean... Uh... I mean
          "unpasteurized"? Is that safe?STEPHANIEUh huh. And you want that milk
          still warm. Straight from the cow.
          Trudy has to stifle her gag reflex. George returns and hands
          Ray and Stephanie a cocktail.TRUDYExcuse me while I go find someplace
          to put this.
          As Trudy takes away the cake, a cat rounds the corner. It
          HISSES at Stephanie. She takes a step back.GEORGENever could understand that damned
          animal. Hate cats.
          Trudy returns from the kitchen.TRUDYThat's strange. Hecuba's usually
          very sweet.STEPHANIEThat's okay. I had a cat. I
          understand.RAYWhat do you mean "had a cat"? What
          happened to him?STEPHANIEHow would I know what happened?
          Probably nothing. You know how cats
          are. They come and they go.
          Ray nods slowly. About to say something but let's it go.INT. DALTON HOUSE - DINNING ROOM - LATERStephanie, Ray, George and Trudy are finishing dinner.53.GEORGEStill keeping up with your coin 
           collection, Ray?RAYI try to. In fact Stephanie just
          found me a 1925 Indian Head nickel
          at her bank.GEORGEReally? So, how long have you been
          working there, Stephanie?STEPHANIEAlmost two years now.TRUDYThe job of a bank teller must be so
          difficult. I'd think with all the
          counting and the repetition, it'd
          become so tedious.STEPHANIEYes, you're right. But I'm not a
          teller.TRUDYOh?RAYStephanie's a loan officer in
          charge of small business and home
          loans. And she's on a fast track
          for a promotion. Right, Steph?STEPHANIEI'd like to think so... actually,
          It depends. If I could close this
          big account that I'm working on, it
          would really help.GEORGEMust be a very important loan.STEPHANIEIt would be the biggest that my
          branch has ever handled.GEORGEHow''d it come to you?54.STEPHANIEWell, I was reading the Wall Street
          Journal and found this innovative
          medical supply company that was
          interested in expanding but didn't
          have the liquidity. I met with
          their CFO and presented a formula
          for restructuring-some of their
          long term debt. It created an
          environment where I was able to
          offer them a rather attractive loanPACKAGEGEORGEYou sure sound like you've got a
          lot going for you, Stephanie.TRUDYYour mother must be very proud.STEPHANIEI suppose. I don't see her much.TRUDYWhy is that?STEPHANIEWell, ever since my dad died she
          doesn't talk much. She mostly stays
          on the farm and... keeps to
          herself. Because...
          There is an awkward silence.TRUDYDoes your mother have a drinking
          problem?RAYCut her some slack, mom, she--STEPHANIEYes. I'm afraid she does.TRUDYI'm sorry. It's nothing to be
          ashamed of. And I find your honesty
          refreshing.STEPHANIEThank you.5.5 .TRUDYt 
          You've got back bone. Not like that
          other girl Ray brought by... What
          was her name? Alicia? She was
          dreadful. So ill-mannered. And no
          ambition.RAYMOM-TRUDY(stage whisper toSTEPHANIE)He found her through the,internet.RAYMors, please.TRUDYStephanie, am I being too tough on
          Ray?
          Stephanie, happy to be taken into the family circle, winks at
          Ray.STEPHANIENo. Not at all. That's what mom's
          are for.TRUDYThank you, Stephanie. Maybe I will
          try that Harvest cake of yours,
          after all.
          Trudy cuts herself a piece. Stephanie tastes the cake and
          emits a tiny cough.STEPHANIEExcuse me.
          She clears her throat. But the cough returns, grows larger.STEPHANIEJust a little tickle in my--
          She stands and takes a few steps away from the table. Ray
          looks on concerned.RAYAre you okay?56.She waves him off, clearing her throat. Tries to smile
          demurely, but erupts with a harsh cough. She's choking on
          something and is trying to bring it up from deep within her
          throat. With all her might she emits a BARK and a large
          black fly buzzes out of her mouth.TRUDYOh! OH MY GOD!
          The fly lazily BUZZES across the table, slowly circling
          Trudy's head.
          Trudy spits out a mouthful of harvest cake into her napkin.
          George lowers his fork and pushes away his plate of unclean
          farm cake.
          Ray is baffled, too stunned to speak.
          Stephanie's gaze shifts to the kitchen door. From The other
          side, she hears the sound of a hoofs.
          Ray tries to cover for Stephanie:RAYI'm so sorry, Stephanie. I don't
          know how that fly got. into your--STEPHANIE--Wait. What's that sound?TRUDYWhat sound-?STEPHANIESHHH! Listen!
          Trudy listens along with the others. They can't hear
          anything. But Stephanie hears the FOOTSTEPS drawing closer.TRUDYI'm sorry, I can't hear anything.STEPHANIE(mutters under her breath)
          Must be deafer than a post!
          But Trudy heard that and takes offense. But before she can
          say anything, a SHADOW appears at the base of the door.
          Stephanie stands and shouts at it:57.STEPHANIETLeave me alone! Just leave me the
          fuck alone!
          Stephanie grabs her dinner plate and hurls it just past
          Trudy's head. It shatters against the base of the door,
          spraying everyone with bits of broken china and fish. The
          shadow and FOOTSTEPS are gone.
          Ray rushes to her side.RAYSteph, it's okay! There's nothing
          there.
          She looks about. George and Trudy regard Stephanie as if she
          were mad.STEPHANIEI... I think I'd better go.TRUDYI think that's best, dear.
          She heads for the door. Ray starts to go after her but hismother stops him.TRUDYLet her go, Ray. She's a sick girl.RAYShe needs me.
          Trudy grabs Ray's arm.TRUDYI'm telling you not to go after
          her.
          Ray gently pulls free of his mother's grasp and chases after
          Stephanie.EXT. DALTON HOUSE - MOMENTS LATERRay rushes outside stopping Stephanie as she is about to get
          into her car.RAYWhat did you see in there?58.STEPHANIE4You don't want to know.
          Ray pulls her close.RAYTell me!STEPHANIEThe thing that's coming for me.
          What the old woman sent.RAYListen to me. What you're going
          through right now-- It's like the
          doctor said, it's a stress reaction
          and --STEPHANIENo. I wanted to believe that-- but
          it's real, Ray. You just don't want
          to open your eyes to it because it
          threatens you. Because if I'm right
          and there is something out there,
          then you'd have to throw out
          everything you teach. And where'd
          that leave you? Like a plow without
          a mule.
          Ray just stares at her. A long moment passes as he wonders if
          maybe she isn't right.STEPHANIEUnless you're willing to take a
          chance and believe in me, I can't
          be with you any more.
          She steps into the car and drives off. Ray watches her tail
          lights, as they vanish into the night.EXT. ECHO PARK HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHTAn older home with bars on the front windows. Stephanie
          knocks at the front door.
          She turns toward a distant sound: A chilling, high-pitched
          SQUEAL. Was it just a bus's air brakes... or something more?
          When Stephanie turns back, the door has been opened a crack.
          An EYE peers out at her.59.VOICE OF THE EYEWhat is it?STEPHANIEHi. Yes. I came to see Sylvia
          Ganush. Is she here?
          The door opens wider, revealing a sexy twenty-four year old
          Gypsy girl. ILENKA GANUSH. Bottle of beer in her hand, long
          black hair, earrings and a snake tatoo on'her neck. She
          wears a low cut shirt and tight shorts.
          EASTERN EUROPEAN HIP HOP and LAUGHTER are heard from within
          the house.ILENKAI'm Ilenka, Sylvia's granddaughter.
          Who are you?STEPHANIEStephanie Brown. I'm... sort of...
          a friend of hers. Actually, I've
          been trying to help her with a loanTHAT-ILENKAWait. I know who you are. Grandma
          told me you'd come. You're the
          woman from the bank. The one who
          took her house.STEPHANIEIt was really the bank that took
          the house. I just work there. In
          fact, I tried to help your grandma
          get-the house back, but my boss
          wouldn't let me.
          Ilenka knows she's lying. Stephanie knows that she knows.ILENKAThat's not what happened, is it?
          Are you going to stand here on my
          porch and lie to my face?STEPHANIE. no.ILENKAYou used to be a real fat girl,
          to didn't you?60.STEPHANIEYes.ILENKAI can tell. You know, you caused my
          grandma a lot of pain. That house
          was her pride. When you took that
          from her, she had nothing left.
          You're not welcome here.
          She starts to close the door. Stephanie halts her. Desperate
          now, no where else to turn.STEPHANIEOkay! I did it. It was me who
          denied her the loan. I was trying,
          to get ahead at work and I
          shouldn't have done it. It was
          wrong.ILENKADamn straight it was wrong.STEPHANIEAnd I'm ashamed about it. And I'm
          going to get down on my hands and
          knees and beg her to forgive me.
          She said-that I hadn't suffered
          enough. But now I think she'll see
          that I have and then maybe she'll
          let me...ILENKA.make everything all right for
          her, is that it?STEPHANIEYes.
          Ilenka gives a bitter, cryptic smile. She motions for
          Stephanie to follow. They enter a room filled with young
          Gypsies drinking, smoking and talking loudly in a Slavic
          tongue.
          A WOMAN WITH A CANE shouts as she throws a pair of dice. A
          Hungarian man with a long, braided ponytail, curses his bad
          luck as he pays cash to the woman.' STEPHANIEWhere is she?61.Ilenka gestures to an area beyond the party goers. Stephanie
          t pushes her way through the crowd. She stumbles and falls atop 
          the Corpse of Mrs. Ganush!
          As per the custom of the Gypsy wake, there is no coffin, just
          her dead body that rests atop a coffee table.
          Stephanie has landed atop the corpse! The leg of the coffee
          table breaks under the weight of the two women. Stephanie
          tumbles to the ground, the corpse landing atop her. The crowd
          of mourners GASP.
          The dead woman's opened mouth bobs up and down upon
          Stephanie's chin, as through it were once again suckling it.
          Stephanie shoves the corpse off of her and backs away in
          revulsion.ILENKAStill going to make everything all
          right?
          The mourners replace the corpse atop the coffee table.
          Ilenka addresses the crowd in Hungarian. She tells them that
          it was this white trash farm girl that threw her grandmother
          t from her home and that she now bears the curse of Lamia. 
          A mother shields her daughter's eyes from the sight of
          Stephanie, the cursed one, then hurriedly kisses her
          .crucifix. A man spits at her feet then walks off.STEPHANIENo, please-- I needed her to take
          this thing off me.ILENKAIt will never come off.STEPHANIEYou know about it? Then, please
          help me. I'm begging you.ILENKAShe said you'd come begging. I only
          wish she could have lived to see
          it.
          The blood drains from Stephanie's face.62.ILENKA.maybe she can...
          Stephanie glances down to the corpse. It's head is now
          facing her. It's dead eyes, OPEN!INT. RHAM JAS' HOUSE -- NIGHTStephanie puts her foot through RHAM Jas' TV set. Shattering
          the tube, commanding his. attention.STEPHANIEFuck that! I paid you a hundred and
          seventy nine dollars for that book!RHAM JASIt was a limited printing! Please
          control yourself!STEPHANIEI did what you said- that blood
          offering... I killed that little
          kitty deader than Hogan's goat.
          Lotta good that did me.RHAM JASWe are dealing with elusive and
          powerful forces. There are no
          guarantees.
          She wants to shout, but instead, closes her eyes and sits.STEPHANIEJust tell me what to do.
          Rham Jas considers. A dark look crosses his face. Stephanie
          tries to read his expression.CLOSE ON STEPHANIE'S MASTERCARDIt's run through the carbon paper. Rham Jas hand her a
          receipt. She signs it. He sits.RHAM JASWe must somehow dissuade the spirit
          from taking your soul.STEPHANIEHow?63.RHAM JAS1 A seance. And it should be soon. 
          For tomorrow will be the third
          night...STEPHANIEHave you done this before?RHAM JASNo. But I know someone. I can
          arrange what is necessary, but you
          must understand that everyone
          involved in this would be taking a
          great risk with their lives.STEPHANIEWhat would you need from me?
          Rham Jas thinks for a moment, weighing the dangers. He pulls
          out a pipe and packs it with tobacco. He tamps it down and
          lights up.RHAM JASTwenty thousand dollars. Cash. By
          tomorrow. 5VAINT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE - NIGHTStephanie is hastily piling all her valuables atop her bed:
          sporting equipment, TV, VCR/DVD COMBO, CD player, IPOD, Etc.
          Ellen enters, rattled.ELLENI need to talk to you.STEPHANIEEllen. I'm sorry. This a bad time
          right now. I got a little emergency
          and... say you got any cash I can
          borrow?
          She starts stuffing the valuables into a large duffle bag.ELLENNo, I don't. But Steph I--STEPHANIE--what about your credit cards?
          What's your cash advance limit?(MORE)64.STEPHANIE (cont'd)
          I'll pay you back. You know I'm
          good for it.ELLENSteph, we need to talk about the
          cat.STEPHANIEWhere has that little rascal been?
          He's always running off, have you
          noticed that?ELLENStephanie. I was in the back yard
          and I saw where the ground was dug
          up. I started digging and... You
          buried that little kitty in our
          backyard. What happened?STEPHANIEI didn't want to tell you. It fell
          out the window and died. It's sad,BUT--ELLENI found the bloody knife in the
          bushes.STEPHANIEWhat are you, a cat detective?ELLENSteph? I'm going to tell you this
          as your friend. There is something
          seriously wrong with you.
          Stephanie looks up from,her frantic panting.STEPHANIEUh... DuhiELLENI'm moving out. I can't live like
          this.STEPHANIE.Fine.
          Ellen exits. Stephanie angrily calls after her:65.STEPHANIEAn' don't let the barn door hit you
          on your ass on yer way out!INT. STORE - LATER THAT NIGHTStephanie is speaking into a pay phone.STEPHANIEI can't get the twenty thousand.
          You're gonna have to help me with
          what I've got.RHAM JAS' VOICEWhat do you have?
          She covers the mouthpiece, speaking to someone off camera.STEPHANIEHow much?!
          CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that we are'in a PAWN SHOP. Men
          haggle loudly in Arabic over the price of a gold chain. The
          PAWN BROKER stands before-all of Stephanie's worldly
          belongings: A toaster oven, computer, racing bike, stereo,
          microwave oven, necklaces, jewelry...PAWN BROKERThirty-eight hundred for
          everything.STEPHANIEIncluding my jewlery?PAWN BROKERIncluding.
          Stephanie curses under her breath, checks the balance on her
          checkbook, does the math, speaks into the phone;STEPHANIESix thousand.RHAM JASI'm sorry. Not possible.STEPHANIELook, I'll give you six now and--66.RHAM JASNo. There will be others involved
          and I cannot-ask them to accept
          such a risk for less. Good night.
          He hangs up. The line goes dead. She tries to throw the phone
          but it's attached with a short metal cord. She turns to the
          Pawn Broker.STEPHANIEI'll take it!
          Stephanie thinks about how she'll get the extra cash. She
          hesitantly dials a number on the pay phone. It rings and
          rings as she glances to a picture buried deep in her wallet:
          A. photo of...
          The younger, obese Stephanie and her stern looking Mother.
          Both stand before a bleak snow covered, mid-western farm.STEPHANIEMom? Hi, it's me. Did you get,the
          Christmas card? Yeah, I guess it
          has been a while. Listen, I'm in
          kind of a fix, here. I've been
          pretty sick and I need to borrow
          some money for an operation. I need
          fourteen thousand dollars right
          away. Now I know you still have
          that pension fund at the credit
          Union so-- yeah, but... okay. Okay,
          it's just that--- I understand.
          Okay, mom. Bye.
          The line goes dead. She slumps down against the pay phone.CLOSE SHOT - STEPHANIEShe pouts her lips in the mirror, carefully applying
          lipstick. Looking good.PULL BACKTo reveal we are in the employee bathroom at the bank. She
          fixes her hair so it's just right. She. straightens out a tiny
          wrinkle in her business suit, smiles her best upbeat smile
          and exits the bathroom.67.INT. BANK OF CALIFORNIA- DAYStephanie approaches Mr. Jacks.STEPHANIEMr. Jacks, this is kind of awkward
          for me... I know it's not official
          yet, but I was wondering if I could
          get a copy of the employment
          contract for the new position you
          offered me?MR. JACKSThe assistant manager's position?STEPHANIEYes. See, one of my family members
          is having a little emergency which
          requires me to get them an
          immediate loan--MR. JACKS--Stephanie... There's a problem.
          The McPherson deal was cancelled
          last night.STEPHANIEWhat? 1MR. JACKSYeah, right after I informed the
          main branch that we had this big
          loan pending,,I find out that they
          just made their deal over at First
          National. I got a call in to see,
          what exactly happened but right now
          this doesn't look too good for you
          or me. So this assistant manager
          promotion has been delayed. In
          fact, I think that with everything
          that's been happening, I'm gonna
          have to give that job to Stu.
          Stephanie is devastated.STEPHANIEStu. I see.
          Mr. Jacks sees tears begin to well up in her eyes.68.MR. JACKSI'm sorry. Look. If you've got
          family problems. Maybe you should
          take the day off and sort them out.
          Stephanie node and exits the bank.INT. STEPHANIE'S KITCHEN - DAYCLOSE SHOT - THE WALL CLOCKAs it TICKS away the seconds.
          CLOSE SHOT - THE Inadequate PILE OF CASH
          That site atop Stephanie's Kitchen table.CLOSE SHOT - A DESPONDENT STEPHANIEstares down at the cash. Her mouth mechanically opens to
          accept a large serving spoon of Rocky Road ice cream which
          she eats directly from the one gallon tub.
          The door bell rings. A moment later Ray walks in.. Stephanie
          stands, surprised.RAY.I paid Rham JasSTEPHAINEBut I thought you didn't believe...RAY'I don't. But you do. I know this is
          important for, you .
          she embraces him.EXT. PASADENA HOUSE - DUSKAn old Pasadena home site alone atop a hill. Ray's car drives
          up, parks.STEPHANIEAre you coming in?69.RAYTI wanted to but Rham Jas said non
          believers weren't welcome. I still
          don't like this.STEPHANIEI know how crazy this must seem.
          But it will all be over after this
          I swear to you.
          He nods. She kisses him.STEPHANIEI'll call you when it's done.RAYI'll be waiting.STEPHANIEWe'll laugh about it on the train,
          tomorrow.RAYt Yeah. 
          Stephanie steps from the car. Ray drives off. She turns to
          face the old house.INT. OLD PASADENA HOUSE - STUDY - DUSKMilos, a thirty year old, Hungarian Man, leads Stephanie into
          a large room with-tall, teak bookshelves and Indian
          tapestries that adorn the walls. Rham Jas is seated in a
          wicker chair,' speaking with someone obscured by shadows...RHAM JASMiss Brown. Allow me the pleasure
          of an introduction...
          A woman rises from the shadows.RHAM JAS.Shaun San Dena
          The eighty year old woman smiles a toothless smile to
          Stephanie.70.RHAM JASShaun San Dena is an experienced 41
          medium. Furthermore, she has a
          personal knowledge of the Lamia.SHAUN SAN DENAI first encountered this spirit
          forty years ago in a small village
          outside of Bucharest.STEPHANIEAnd...?SHUAN SAN DENAI lost a young boy's soul to the
          beast.STEPHANIEThat's reassuring.SHAUN SAN DENAI was an. inexperienced seer then.
          I've learned much since that woeful
          day. I have waited these long years
          for a chance at redeeming myself. A
          chance to destroy the foul thing.
          Tonight my chance will come. But to
          summon it, I will need your help.STEPHANIEI'll do whatever it takes. And the
          sooner the better.SHAUN SAN DENAOur business must wait till
          darkness falls. Enough time for
          tea.INT. GREAT ROOM - NIGHTA ceiling twenty feet high, with massive windows covered by
          dark burgundy drapes. An ornate crystal chandelier hangs
          above a round table in the room's center. Stephanie, Rham
          Jas, Shaun San Dena and Milos, are finishing their tea.SHAUN SAN DENAMy late husband, Sandor, was also a
          medium. He chose this site to build
          the'house upon because he sensed
          certain energies that intersected
          here...(MORE)71.SHAUN SAN DENA (cont'd)
          He knew I would sense his spirit
          in this place as I have sensed
          others. It was to be our way of 
          being together after he died. In
          earlier times it was a sacred place
          to the Tuanteteck indians. And
          their stories told that the place
          was a burial ground of the "old
          ones" that inhabited the earth
          before them. Here, there is a
          particular alignment of energies. A
          confluence, that allows doorways to
          be opened. Through which, we might
          pass.RHAM JAS 'And through which, others might
          pass into our world.
          Milos removes the tea.SHAUN SAN DENAIt is time for us to begin.
          Shaun San Dena turns out the electric lights, leaving only
          the tables' candlelight for illumination.
          We hear the BLEATING of a goat. Stephanie startles. Milos
          reenters the room pulling a black goat along by a chain. The
          goat catches sight of Stephanie. It BLEATS in fear and
          attempts to run. But Milos holds it fast and tethers it to a
          post. He moves to the table and lifts a velvet cloth
          revealing a large cattle slaughtering blade.SHAUN SAN DENALord Jesus bless this knife and
          allow it to do your holy work.
          She makes the sign of the cross. she pours a .vial of holy
          water over the blade. She turns to Stephanie.SHAUN SAN DENAOnce the spirit has entered me,
          place my hand upon the animal. Do
          you understand?STEPHANIEYes.72.SHAUN SAN DENAI will force the spirit of the
          Lamia into the goat. Milos, that's
          when you strike.
          Stephanie blanches but remains silent.SHAUN SAN DENAWe must all.be receptive.
          Shaun San Dena begins to intone a Romanian Gypsy chant.
          Stephanie leans close to speak quietly with Rham Jae.STEPHANIEWhat do I have to do?RHAM JASYou must allow the darkness in. You
          must invite the dead to co-mingle
          with your spirit..STEPHANIEI'm scared.RHAM JASYes. Now repeat these words... I
          welcome the dead into my soul...
          Rham Jae waits for Stephanie's response. She's shifts in her
          seat uncomfortably.STEPHANIEI welcome the dead into my soul...RHAM JASYou must believe it!
          Stephanie takes a deep breath and they begin the chant again.
          This time,, together.RAM JAAS STEPHANIEI welcome the dead into my I welcome the dead into my
          soul... soul...
          Stephanie looks around the darkened room. Shadows from the
          candles dance upon the walls.73.SHAUN SAN DENAI sense something here with us.RHAM JASYes.
          The parlor's crystal chandeleir tinkles.
          A tea cup and saucer tremble for a moment. Stephanie's eyes
          search the room.SOMETHING UNSEENemits a wheezing breath...
          We hear FOOTSTEPS as something walks on the ceiling above
          them.A MAN'S LOUD LAUGHTERechoes about the room.SHAUN SAN DENAIt is not the Lamia. It is the
          spirit of some unsettled soul from1years ago... The unsettled ones
          wait near the door.THE PITCHER OF WATERupon the table is drained. Then the water is spat out in a
          stream at Milos' face.
          The MAN'S LAUGHTER again.SHAUN SAN DENABe gone, foolish spirit!
          There is a HOWLING OF WIND and the room is again quiet.SHAUN SAN DENAShow yourself Lamia. We invite you
          into our circle.
          Quiet. Stephanie looks about. Nothing seems to be happening.SHAUN SAN DENAHe's coming...74.A faint sound.SCRATCH. SCRATCH.The SCRATCHING OF FINGERNAILS on wood. A sound that
          Stephanie's heard before. It grows louder, more distorted.SCRATCH SCRATCH!Stephanie grips the table.
          And just when the SCRATCHING SOUND is deafening... All
          becomes silent.
          Stephanie holds her breath.
          A wind whips up in the room sending papers whirling about,.
          yet all the windows are closed.
          Shaun San Dena's eyes roll up into her head. She emits a low
          and powerful MOAN. Her head slumps onto her shoulders. Then
          she straightens with a new vigor. Stephanie and Rham Jas
          watch as her lips move rapidly and a garbled sound comes out
          of her throat. she speaks in a strange and incomprehensible
          tongue.RHAM JASWho now inhabits the body of Shaun
          San Dena?SHAUN SAN DENA(demonic voice)
          Lamia...
          Rham Jas nods discreetly to Milos who quietly uncovers the
          slaughtering blade.RHAM JAS.Lamia, what is it that you desire?
          Shaun San Dena's chair abruptly spins about to face
          Stephanie. The mouth jerks opened and closed as if controlled
          by a bad puppeteer. Then, out of.sync, the demonic voice isHEARD:SHAUN SAN DENA(demonic voice)
          The soul of Stephanie Brownl We
          will feast upon it, as she festers
          in the gravel475.STEPHANIEIt was my manager, Jim Jacks. 
          He was the one ! He--RHAM JASSilence! Lamia, please, surely we
          can dissuade you from taking this
          insignificant woman? Surely she's
          not worthy of your greatness.
          The possessed Shaun San Dena laughs.SHAUN SAN DENA(demonic voice)
          No! I will enjoy watching her skin
          blister and pop in hell's flame. I
          come for her!
          Stephanie quickly grabs Shaun San Derna's hand and places it
          on the goat's head.
          Shaun San Dena's eyes clear for a moment as she struggles to
          regain control.
          Now there are two spirits battling within her. She attempts
          t to force the spirit of the Lamia from her body and into the
          goat. The Goat BLEATS and bucks wildly as the spirit is
          transferred. Milos raises up the slaughtering blade.SHAUN SAN DENA(demonic voice)
          No! You--GOAT(demonic voice)
          --tricked me!
          The possessed goat emits a terrible cry! The bone chilling
          SHRIEK of Lamia! It's oval eye reflects the blade as it
          descends toward it. The possessed Goat jerks aside and the
          blade misses, slicing into the chair.
          As Milos raises the blade for another blow, the goat bites
          his hand. In that moment, the spirit of the Lamia is
          transferred to him.
          A Possessed Milos SCREAMS and spins toward Stephanie, glaring
          at her with black goat eyes. He SHOUTS at her in a gibberish
          of tongues! His body jerks up into the air. He dances a jig
          atop the table, now laughing uncontrollably.
          t76.Stephanie watches in horror.RHAM JASLamial I command you to leave this--
          A chair sails through the air and shatters across Rham Jas'
          back, knocking him to the ground.
          Milos' body is hurled up against the chandelier, shattering
          it. Glass rains down upon Stephanie.
          on the ceiling, Milos is spun.about like a pin wheel.
          Stephanie races for the door but a
          .huge bureau lurches in
          front of her, blocking her path.
          Rham Jas rouses a stunned Shaun San Dena.RHAM JASYou must banish the spirit!
          Shaun San Dena places her hands on her ayes, then over her
          heart and chants an ancient Gypsy incantation up toward
          Milos.
          Milos SHRIEKS. A white vapor streams from his body as the
          Lamia is torn from him.MILOS(in his normal voice)
          Stop the chanting. I beg you!
          But Shaun San Dena only chants louder. Milos SCREAMS grow
          more intense as-his body spasms in pain. Stephanie grasps at
          Shaun San Dena.STEPHANIEFor god's sake, stop the chanting,
          it's killing him!
          Rham Jas pushes her aside.RHAM JASYou must not stop!
          A withered pair of hands reach down from above and clutch at
          Stephanie's face! It is Mrs. Ganush that now floats above
          her! Her long yellowed fingernails scratching at Stephanie's
          skin.477.MILOS/MRS. GANUSHMake her stop, you dirty pork
          queen!STEPHANIENo! Get her off!
          Mrs. Ganush grabs at Stephanie's head. Stephanie pulls away
          but it costs her a clump of hair that Mrs. Ganush rips from
          her head.
          Mrs. Ganush opens her mouth... wide... wider still... she
          vomits out Stephanie's dead cat. It lands atop the table.
          Stephanie screams uncontrollably.
          Shaun San Dena, is trembling as her chanting comes to a
          climax.
          Mrs. Ganush changes back to the possessed Milo. The last of
          the white vapor is torn from Milos body as the spirit of the
          Lamia leaves him. Milos falls to the floor and all is quiet.
          An ashen faced Shaun San Dena halts her chant.10 STEPHANIEIs it gone?
          Stephanie notices that the cat has vanished. Was it ever
          there?
          Rham Jae kneels at Milos' side. He's starting to come around.
          Milos stands, shaken. The Lamia is gone.
          Shaun San Dena grabs at her chest, struggles for breath.
          Stephanie rushes over to steady her.STEPHANIELet me help you...SHAUN SAN DENAMy heart.
          Shaun San Dena collapses into Stephanie's arms. Rham Jas
          moves to assist her. They lower Shaun San Dana to the floor.RHAM JASMilos, call an ambulance!078.Milos rushes from the room to call for help... Rham Jas
          checks for a pulse.RHAM JASShe's not breathing.
          Rham Jas attempts to administer CPR to no avail.STEPHANIEMy God. My God...
          He checks her pulse one last time. The CPR is finally halted.
          Rham Jas closes her eyes, then touches her forehead, praying:RHAM JASGata, gata, para gata... bodhi
          suaha. Gone, gone, gone beyond.
          Gone beyond the beyond. Hail the
          goer.EXT. PASADENA HOUSE - NIGHT - LATERStephanie and Rham Jas watch as PARAMEDICS load the covered
          body of Shaun San Dena into the ambulance. They close the
          doors and drive away.STEPHANIEIt's sad:RHAM JASYes.STEPHANIEStrange how things work out. She
          waited years for another chance to
          overcome the lamia ..and finally
          she did.RHAM JASNo. I'm afraid you misunderstand.
          Rham Jas looks at her with pity.STEPHANIEWhat?RHAM JASThe,Lamia can not'be banished by a
          medium. This was our lesson
          tonight. I'm sorry.79.STEPHANIE0But I saw her get rid of the
          thing...RHAM JASNo. You saw her drive the Lamia
          from the seance. That is all. It
          will be back.STEPHANIEBut then, what am I supposed to do?
          Rham Jas shrugs. He fishes in his pocket for his car keys.RHAM JASPerhaps on this final evening, you
          should finish up the business of
          this world. For before the night is
          through, the Lamia will come for
          the owner of the accursed object.STEPHANIE'S HANDSlowly emerges from her coat pocket. She studies the thin
          brass button in her palm. 0RHAM JASUnless, of course... you were no
          longer the owner.STEPHANIENo longer the owner? I don't
          understand.
          Rham Jas reaches into his coat pocket and removes a blank
          envelope. He places the button within and seals it.RHAM JASThe Lamia comes for the owner of
          the accursed object. Just make a
          gift of it...
          To demonstrate, he hands the envelope to Stephanie.RHAM JAS.and you've given away the curse.80.STEPHANIEWhy didn't you tell me this
          before?!RHAM JASBecause we are speaking of murder.
          Stephanie looks from the envelope containing the button to
          Rham Jas. She places the envelope carefully into the side
          'pocket of her purse. Rham Jas tries to conceal the sadness
          and fear he feels for her.RHAM JASWhatever you decide, you have until
          sunrise.'
          She nods goodbye as Ray's car pulls up. Ray opens the door.
          for her and she gets in.INT. RAY'S BMW - NIGHTRay and Stephanie drive through the quiet Pasadena
          neighborhood.RAYIs it over?
          Stephanie, stares at her envelope, thinks about telling him,
          then...STEPHANIEYes. It's all over.
          Ray squeezes her hand. Appreciating the two of them now more
          than ever.
          Stephanie SCREAMS as...
          MRS. GANUSH.appears in the headlights, standing on the road
          before them! Ray hits the breaks. The car SCREECHES to a
          halt!
          Stephanie's purse with the envelope and.some of Ray's papers
          fall to the floor.RAYAre you okay?
          Stephanie nods, catching her breath.81.RAYRThat guy came out of nowhere.
          Stephanie looks to the figure in the road. Mrs. Ganush is
          gone. In her place is an old man who mutters angrily at them
          and moves on.EXT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT -- LATERRAY'S BMW pulls up and Stephanie gets out.RAYAre you'still okay about the Santa
          Barbara trip?STEPHANIEYes, everything's fine.RAYOkay. Our train leaves tomorrow
          morning. Seven A.M. When do you
          want me to pick you up?STEPHANIEIt's better if we meet at the
          D station. There's something I've got
          to do on the way.
          Stephanie suddenly' clutches at her purse. The envelope is
          gone!STEPHANIEWait! Where's my envelope?RAYWhat envelope?
          She opens the car door and frantically rummages around the
          floor, through Ray's papers.STEPHANIEIt's got to be here!
          Then, Stephanie comes upon something under the seat. She
          smiles and stands. A white envelope held tightly in her
          hand.STEPHANIEGot , it .082.RAYTomorrow's gonna be a new start for,
          us. Don't be late.
          They kiss and Ray drives off.INT. DENNY'S RESTAURANT - NIGHTA WALL CLOCKThe time is 1:30 A.M.STEPHANIEdrinks coffee and stares at the white envelope that's tucked
          into the side pocket of her purse. She scans the patrons and
          considers giving it to each of them, then one by one, rejects
          the idea.A WAITRESSComes by, removes a dirty dish and refills her coffee.STEPHANIEBanana Boat Sundae.WAITRESSAnother one?
          Stephanie nods absently. The waitress exits.THE WALL CLOCKThe time is now 2:15 A.M.A WITHERED OLD MANsite alone at a table in a wheelchair. A portable oxygen
          cylinder, supplying him with air.STEPHANIEtakes a deep breath, stands and walks to his table.STEPHANIEI wonder if you could help me out?
          The Old Man looks up, sees her desperation.83.OLD MAN 0Yeah?STEPHANIEI just need you to hang on to this
          envelope for me. Just until
          tomorrow.
          She extends the envelope to him. He hesitates.OLD MANWhat's this all about?STEPHANIEJust take the envelope and I'll
          explain. Please.
          The Old Man considers. He reaches for the envelope when an
          OLD WOMAN, his wife, hobbles toward the table. The Old Man
          helps her sit and puts away her cane. They turn to Stephanie
          who withdraws the envelope.STEPHANIENever mind.
          Stephanie returns to her seat, ashamed at what she almost 
          did.
          She returns the envelope to the purse pocket, racking her
          brains, trying to think of some way out of this. Her gaze
          lands upon a stack of newspapers on the next table. She
          grabs the paper and finds the OBITUARIES.CLOSE ON THE NEWSPAPER:MRS. GANUSH'S OBITUARY: A photo of the old woman. The
          location of the burial is listed: Oakwood Cemetary.
          Stephanie rips the listing from the paper and rushes from the
          restaurant.INT. RHAM JAS' HOUSE - BACK ROOM - NIGHTStephanie, lit by a barren light bulb, paces the room. Rham
          Jas in his pajamas, studies an old leather bound text.STEPHANIEWell? Is it possible? 0FA84.He closes the book and gives it some thought.RHAM JASThere are Gypsy blessings that are
          bestowed upon the dead... And the
          Gypsies give gifts to their
          departed to curry favor with the
          deceased soul. Yes. I do believe
          you could give the curse to someone
          who has passed on... for truly, the
          soul never dies.INT. STEPHANIE'S CAR - NIGHTCLOSE ON STEPHANIEAs she drives we hear the voice over from the precedingSCENE:RHAM JAS (V.0.).but you must make a formal gift
          of the cursed object to the
          deceased.STEPHANIE (V.0.)Formal gift... ?
          Car headlights sweep over her grim face. She fingers the
          envelope, then glances to the seat next to her... a SHOVEL.RHAM JAS (V.0.)Give it to the corpse personally.
          Put it in their hand... their'
          pocket...STEPHANIE (V.0.)Oh, I'll do better than that...
          CAMERA moves in tight.STEPHANIE.I'll shove it down her goddamn
          throat.
          She zips up her raincoat. SOMETHING flits past the window.
          Too.quick to.see. Then it reappears. It's Mrs. Ganush's
          hankie. It.flies against Stephanie's windshield and gets
          caught on the wiper blade. Stephanie GASPS. It flaps in the
          wind, blocking her view. Stephanie hits the wiper button.
          The hankie is yanked-back and forth across the windshield.T85.She turns up the wiper speed. No sooner is it knocked loose
          than it's whisked into the driver's side window. It slaps
          over Stephanie's eyes, plastered there by the'wind! The car 
          swerves.
          Her car crashes into a tree.LONG SHOT - CRASHED CARStephanie pulls herself from the crash. She glances up to a
          flash of lightning. It illuminates:
          The wrought iron gates of the OAKWOOD CEMETERY. A hill of
          tombstones beyond.EXT. OAKWOOD CEMETERY - RAINY NIGHTA light drizzle falls as Stephanie'searches the graveyard for
          the burial place of Mrs. Ganush. She carries the shovel
          defensively, ready to swat at anything that might leap out at
          her.
          She stops before a freshly dug grave. A temporary marker
          reads the name. "Sylvia Ganush".
          She's scared now, not sure if she can really go through with
          it. A church bell TOLLS five times. There's no time to think 
          about it. Stephanie looks around to make sure no one is
          watching, then starts to dig.DISSOLVE TO:LATER - It's raining harder. The hole Stephanie digs is now
          several feet deep.
          CLUNK: The shovel has hit the buried coffin. The rain
          intensifies.DISSOLVE TO:LATER - Mud is pouring down the sides of the grave. In the
          bottom of the pit Stephanie has unearthed the simple pine
          casket. She jams the shovel blade between two boards and
          pries off the coffin's top and shoves it aside.
          A lightning flash illuminates the corpse. Mrs. Ganush's white
          eye is open and staring at Stephanie.
          Stephanie stows her fear and pulls the white envelope from
          her coat.16 4086.STEPHANIEI'm giving it back to you.
          She grabs Mrs. Ganush's hand and tries to get her clenched
          fist to open, but rigor morris has locked it shut. Stephanie
          pulls with all her might, causing...MRS. GANUSH'S CORPSEto lurch up and out of the coffin. Her dead arms, thrown
          forward from the momentum, wrap around Stephanie. Stephanie
          SCREAMS! The withered face leers! Stephanie pushes the corpse
          away from her and the lifeless body falls back into the mud.STEPHANIEYou'll take it, all right...
          She picks up the shovel and jams the blade into the old
          woman's mouth, wedging it between her teeth. She pries the
          jaw open. Mud and rivulets of water begin pouring down into
          the grave from all sides. The body of Mrs. Ganush is quickly
          being re-buried.STEPHANIEI, Stephanie Brown, do hereby make
          a formal gift of this button to
          you, Sylvia Ganush.
          She jams the white envelope down the old woman's throat.STEPHANIEChoke on it, bitch.
          She kicks the old woman's jaw.. It SNAPS shut, trapping the
          envelope between her broken teeth.
          Muddy water cascades down into the grave, flowing over Mrs..
          Ganush's face. It covers everything, except the jutting
          envelope and a single, staring white eye.
          Stephanie tries to climb out but the walls are too slick.
          She grabs at a clump of sod at the top of the hole but it
          tears away, unleashing an avalanche of mud that buries her up
          to her armpits.THE HEAD OF MRS. GANUSHBobs up, through the mud. The Old Woman is grinning, with the
          envelope still jammed between her teeth.87.LONG SHOT - THE GRAVERivers of muddy water now pour in from every direction. It
          has become the drain hole of the cemetery.THE INFLUX OF MUDpushes the old woman corpse against Stephanie. Her grinning
          face led mashed against Stephanie's cheek. Stephanie's SCREAM
          is cut short as she and Mrs. Ganush disappear beneath the
          mud.
          The only sound is the PITTER-PATTER of rain. CAMERA STARTS TO
          PULL AWAY when...STEPHANIE'S HANDrips up through the mud, grasping the tree root.STEPHANIE'S HEADBreaks the surface of the mud, sucking in air. She claws her
          way out, then staggers away, through the pouring rain.DISSOLVE TO:INT. STEPHANIE'S HOUSE -- BATHROOM - PRE-DAWNSTEPHANIE steps from the shower, quickly towels her hair. She
          stops for a moment and studies herself in the mirror. She
          has survived. The phone RINGS in the bedroom; the machine
          picks up.MR. JACKS' VOICEStephanie. It's Jim. Jim Jacks.
          Sorry I'm calling so early-- but
          Last night I found some troubling
          information about our friend Stu
          Rubin...DISSOLVE TO:EXT. CITY STREET - PRE DAWNA cleaned up Stephanie, her hair still wet from the shower,
          drives the empty morning streets. A smile slowly comes to her
          face as we hear the rest of Mr. Jack's message:88.MR. JACKS' VOICEApparently he stole your file on 4
          the Mcpherson loan and then tried
          to broker his own deal at First
          Federal. I guess he thought we
          wouldn't find out. When I
          confronted him he broke down crying
          and well, we won't be seeing him
          around anymore.EXT. TRAIN STATION - PARKING LOT - PRE DAWNThe Eastern sky is growing brighter. Stephanie's car pulls
          into the lot. She removes a week end bag from her trunk and
          walks briskly toward the station.MR JACKS(V.O.)It looks like the loan's coming
          back to us. And I just wanted you
          to know that come Monday morning,
          that assistant manager's position
          will be waiting for you.INT. TRAIN STATION - GRAND ENTRANCE - PRE DAWNStephanie is smiling as she enters the station.A MRS. FIELDS REPRESENTATIVEholds a platter of freshly baked cookies and offers free
          samples to passersby. One is offered to Stephanie.
          She politely declines as she walks past with a bounce in her
          step.INT. TRAIN STATION - CLOTHING BOUTIQUEShe stops at the window, admiring a coat on display.
          She glances down at her own coat. Notes the missing button.
          with distaste.
          Inside, a SALESWOMAN is preparing to open the shop.
          Stephanie taps on the window, shouts through the glass:STEPHANIEHey! Good morning.NO 489.The Saleswoman opens the door a crack.
          tSALESWOMANI'm sorry, we're not open yet.STEPHANIEPlease. I know what I want. That
          coat in the window.
          The Saleswoman considers.STEPHANIEMy boyfriend and I are taking a
          very special trip this morning.
          Stephanie's smile is bright. Her joy is contagious. The
          Saleswoman relents and lets Stephanie in.EXT. TRAIN STATION - TRAIN PLATFORM - DAWNMoments before sunrise, the sky is streaked red.
          Ray waits on the train platform, clutching two tickets and a
          small garment bag. Behind him, other Passengers arrive. From
          his pocket, he removes a velvet case. He opens it and peeks
          t inside A diamond ring. He stows it back in his pocket.
          He looks for Stephanie.
          Then, his face brightens as Stephanie emerges from the crowd,
          radiant in her, new coat.STEPHANIERay!
          Ray embraces her and grabs her luggage. A TRAIN WHISTLE
          sounds as the train approaches.RAYIs everything okay?STEPHANIEGreat.RAYI'm so glad you're here. There's so
          much I've been meaning to tell you.
          0 She takes his hand. 090.STEPHANIEBut let me say this first while I
          have it straight in my head. You
          never stopped believing in me. I'll
          try and live up to that.
          They share an intimate moment. A romantic kiss. He breaks off
          and smiles.RAYDid I tell you, you look great?STEPHANIEThanks.
          Stephanie models her new coat.STEPHANIEYou like it? It's brand new.RAYWhat'd you do with your old coat?
          Just the mention of it, makes her face darken.STEPHANIEI got rid of it. I never want to
          see it again.RAYToo bad,'cause I just found this.
          Ray produces the envelope. And from it, withdraws... THECURSED BUTTON!CAMERA RACES INTO A HUGE CLOSE UP OF THE BUTTON with a
          terrible CLASHING of symbols!.
          Stephanie can't breathe.RAYYeah, it was in my car. Hey, have
          you seen my Indian Head nickel? I
          put it in an envelope just like
          this one.
          Stephanie stares at the button, shaking her head in
          disbelief. The RUMBLING of the approaching train builds on
          the sound track.491.RAYWhat? What is it?
          She backs away in horror, but Ray follows her with the button
          still in his hand.
          The RUMBLING grows louder. She's backing up toward the edge
          of the platform.RAYStephanie. Stop!
          Ray steps forward, still holding out the button. Stephanie
          SHRIEKS as she falls backwards, off the platform and onto the
          tracks.
          In her last moment of life, she turns her head to see...THE ONCOMING TRAINRacing at her!
          Through the swirling smoke, the engine's mechanical face,
          resembles the goat like face of the demon Lamia.
          It VOMITS STEAM as it angrily bares down upon her.THE TRAIN WHISTLE SHRIEKS!Stephanie recognizes the sound. It's a cry she's heard
          before. In every door creak... in every cold night wind... a
          haunting, soulless sound... the cry of Lamia.
          Ray races to the edge of the platform. The two lover's eyes
          find each other one last time.
          Stephanie SCREAMS as the Lamia swallows her and pulls her
          down into hell.THE PEOPLE ON THE PLATFORMBelieve they have witnessed a train accident but Ray knows
          the truth. He looks to...THE BUTTONstill in his hand.CAMERA MOVES CLOSER ON RAY92.A look of dread. Finally, he believes.THE END