NEXTWritten by

                                Gary GoldmanBased on "The Golden Man"Written by

                               Philip K. DickMay 14, 2004BARE WHITE ROOMThirty feet square. CRIS JOHNSON, wearing a jail uniform,
          sits in a HEAVY CHAIR that is bolted to the floor. Mid-
          twenties, jaded, rebellious, handsome as a statue, Cris
          radiates a serene, if somewhat scruffy, charisma.He faces a PLASMA SCREEN MONITOR on a bare wall. To the left
          of the screen, an unframed MIRROR; to the right, a DIGITALCLOCK-CALENDAR.A WOMAN'S FACE appears on the plasma screen. CALLIE FERRIS.
          Thirty. Tailored. Angular. Kate Hepburn-ish.Ferris on monitor
                    Mr. Johnson, you've been sent to us
                    by the state authorities for
                    testing. We want to determine if
                    there's any substance to your
                    claims.CrIS
                    Fire away.FERRIS ON MONITORIf we can verify your ability, we
                    may be able to help you avoid a
                    criminal trial.CRISAnd "we" is...?Ferris ON MONITOR
                    Homeland Security.Ferris' face is replaced on the plasma screen by a series of
          random video clips. Hang-gliding. Traffic jam. Volcano
          erupting.Ferris ON MONITOR
                    Now if you would, please look at
                    the monitor and tell us what you
                    see, say, five minutes from now.Cris looks at the clock. 16:32 / March 9, 2006. He squints
          and the clock speeds up a little.Ferris (o.c.)
                    Are you there yet?In a few seconds, the clock reads 16:37.2.On the monitor. Ferris' image has been replaced by footage of
          surfers riding big waves in Hawaii.CrIS
                    Surfers.Ferris (o.c.)
                    Good. Now can you move ahead ten
                    minutes.Varied images fast forward on the plasma screen. He arrives
          at 16:47 and reports on what he sees.cris
                    Ants crawling up a tree.Ferris (o.c.)
                    Excellent. Can you get to 1900
                    hours?Cris looks ahead and squints.CLOCKMinutes whiz by.PLASMA SCREENClips play and change almost too fast to be recognized.ClockCris gets to 19:00 -- and keeps going.MirrorCris has a five o'clock shadow.ClockHours tick off like an accelerating metronome.MirrorCris sports a three-day stubble. He struggles to get out of
          the chair, but he is now strapped into it, bound at the wrist
          and ankle. His face fills with rage.Plasma screenThe evening news zips by. Talking heads. Reportage.3.MirrorLike a window into a time machine. Cris' beard lengthens. He
          grows pale. His clothes change every few seconds. Rage gives
          way to the panic of a man trapped on a runaway train.Plasma screenThe news dissolves into a blur.MirrorCris ages before his own eyes. Wrinkles etch into skin. Hair
          greys, recedes. Outrage ebbs into hollow resignation as Cris
          watches himself waste away.Woman's voice
                    Sir...Sir?Cris' tired old eyes look up, confused.INT. VEGAS HOTEL COFFEE SHOP - DAYA perky young WAITRESS stands over him, holding a pot of
          coffee.WAITRESSWarm-up?On crisYoung again.CRISJust the check.She sets it on the table with a flirtatious smile. He takes
          it to the register and pays cash.Cris (V.O.)
                    "The future ain't what it used to
                    be." Ever hear that expression?A moment later, A SECOND CRIS follows the first Cris to the
          register, repeating his every movement.CRIS (V.O.)It's a joke, but it's true. The
                    future changes every time you look
                    at it. Because you looked at it.As Cris 2 pays cash, Cris 1 proceeds into the casino.4.CRIS (V.O.)Cause once you see it, you're
                    different.Cris 2 follows, literally walking in Cris 1's footsteps.CRIS (V.O.)Maybe just a little.A DRUNK bumps into Cris 1 and spills his Daiquiri on him.CRIS (V.O.)And that changes everything else.Cris 2 -- the real Cris -- follows a moment later and
          sidesteps the Drunk, who spills his Daiquiri on someone else.CRIS (V.O.)It's got something to do with
                    quantum physics.Cris 2 reaches the gaming tables and merges with Cris 1.Cris (V.O.)
                    That's why I stay away from
                    roulette and craps. It only takes a
                    millionth of an ounce to change a
                    roll. Just placing a different bet
                    can throw things off.A roulette ball skitters indecisively between two grooves
          before settling into one of them.CRIS (v.O.)
                    I've got other rules, too. I don't
                    play against people, like at poker.
                    Only against the house.Slot machines. Horse racing. Sports games.CRIS (v.o.)
                    And my goal isn't to win big. At
                    least not any more. The idea is to
                    go unnoticed so I can keep coming
                    back to the trough.He passes the MILLION DOLLAR SLOT. Stops, like it's calling
          out to him.5.CRIS (v.o.)
                    So no jackpots. No longshots. No
                    big bets except when I want `em to
                    see me lose.Cris notices a DESPERATE GAMBLER on the verge of tears.
          Clearly, he's dropped a bundle. Cris approaches him and
          points to the MILLION DOLLAR SLOT.CRISTry that one, man. I've got a
                    feeling.Gambler
                        (suspicious)
                    Then you play it.CRISAgainst my religion.Cris offers the guy a handful of silver dollars.CRISDo it, quick, before somebody else
                    gets there.While the Gambler dawdles, a MIDWESTERN DOWAGER plants
          herself at the MEGA-SLOT and starts feeding it dollars.Cris sighs and walks off.The Gambler watches him go, then reacts to BELLS, FLASHING
          LIGHTS, and SHRIEKS OF CELEBRATION. The Dowager has hit theMEGA-JACKPOT.Blackjack sectionCris takes a stool at a crowded table.CRIS (V.O.)Mainly I stick to blackjack. Boring
                    but controllable.Cris antes up. Cards are dealt. He's got a four showing.
          Taking a hit, he goes bust with a jack. So in real time, he
          sticks.CRIS (V.O.)And safe unless they think you're
                    counting.6.The dealer turns over his cards. He's got a king and a deuce.
          So he has to draw. Pulls the jack. Busted.The dealer pays Cris, then presses a button under the table.INT. SURVEILLANCE ROOMBanks of video monitors display images from the multitude of
          cameras looking down from above the gaming tables. The
          SURVEILLANCE SUPERVISOR, HAWKEYE, repositions in response to
          a red light so he can look over a Surveillance Operator's
          shoulder and study Cris.INT. office of casino boss - DIFFERENT CASINO - DAYThe Stalin-faced CASINO BOSS sits behind his desk.casino boss
                    If you don't mind my asking, why
                    does Homeland Security give a damn
                    about who's lucky in Vegas?He's talking to Callie Ferris. We recognize her sardonic
          beauty from the plasma screen in Cris's pre-vision. In
          person, she's edgy, confident, and impatient with those who
          aren't as quick as she is.Ferris
                    Maybe they're more than lucky.casino boss
                    Then we handle it.Ferris
                    I'm not talking about cheating.
                    That's your problem. But if
                    somebody wins consistently and you
                    can't figure out how...Excuse me.She answers her cell phone.Ferris
                    Ferris...I'll be there in fifteen.She stands, disconnects, and hands the Casino Boss her
          business card.FERRISCall me, like they did. And try to
                    hold him till I get here.7.Casino boss
                    Yes, ma'am.She's already out the door.Video monitor: close on crisRelaxed. Playing blackjack. The FEMALE DEALER tries not to
          gawk at him as she deals from a shoe.Ferris (o.c.)
                    Nice looking guy.davis (o.c.)
                    I guess.Pull back: surveillance roomFerris and DAVIS, the casino's dapper CHIEF OF SECURITY,
          stand behind Hawkeye, the Surveillance Supervisor, and study
          Cris on various monitors.Ferris
                    Maybe she's in cahoots.davis
                    He's beaten six dealers in a row.ferriS
                    You're sure he's not counting?hawkeye
                    We've got five decks in the shoe.
                    And he wins more off the top than
                    the bottom.davis
                    Moves a lot from table to table.On a monitor, Cris pockets some of his chips.hawkeye
                    Keeps his stacks short.On another monitor, A COCKTAIL WAITRESS takes orders from the
          players.WAITRESSWhat's your pleasure?CRISGrand Dad, rocks.8.Ferris
                    What's his name?davis
                        (shrugs)
                    Not staying here. Pays in cash.Hawkeye
                    We're running him through face
                    check.As Ferris watches Cris on the monitor, he becomes still and
          attentive, as if sensing danger. He squints a little, the way
          we do when we try to remember something.Ferris
                    Invite him for a drink.
                        (remembers her manners)
                    If you don't mind.INT. CASINO/BLACKJACK TABLE - DAYAs Cris signals for another card, TWO BLACK SUITS appear
          behind him.black suit (o.S.)
                    Sir, would you come with us,
                    please.Cris takes in their grim faces. Turns to see two more pairs
          of goons stationed nearby.SNAPBACK to:Thirty seconds agoThe COCKTAIL WAITRESS approaches to take Cris' order.WAITRESSWhat's your pleasure?This time, Cris hurriedly scoops all his chips into his coat
          pocket, jostling the Waitress as he stands.CRISScuse me, sorry.Hustling away, he glances back just as the first TWO BLACK
          SUITS reach his stool, but this time it's empty. They look
          around. One of them whispers into his mike. The three pairs
          of goons get instructions and split up.9.Tracking shot / eye levelCris strides crisply through the casino. Sees another PAIR OF
          BLACK SUITS, scanning for him. He ducks into the maze of
          slots. Zigs and zags from aisle to aisle, seemingly at
          random. A moment after each turn, a Black Suit appears ahead,
          behind, or to the side - where they would have spotted Cris.Tracking shot / high angleA clearer perspective as TWO BLACK SUITS approach Cris' aisle
          from different directions. Cris has no way to see them or
          know they're coming, but at the last moment, he MOVES in
          between two aisles where neither guard will see him as they
          pass.surveillance roomDavis and Hawkeye wince as the Black Suits keep missing their
          quarry.davis
                    What's wrong with you guys?hawkeye
                    He's right next to you! Aisle 63!Ferris watches the chase, fascinated.Phalanxes of slot machinesBlack Suits converge from various directions, in that fake-
          calm fast-walk.Cris studies the gamblers playing the machines nearby, then
          heads to a particular spot - where he is sure to be spotted -
          except that a TEXAS-SIZED MAN repositions himself, blocking
          the Black Suit's view.The Black Suit moves on. Cris shifts to another spot just as
          a different Black Suit arrives at the other end of the aisle.
          This time, THREE FRAT BOYS change machines and obscure Cris
          from his gaze.surveillance roomDavis is throwing a fit.Davis
                    There! There! He's right there in
                    front of you! Walk toward each
                    other!10.Cris slips away in the shadow of the Frat Boys.hawkeye
                    Maybe he's on our frequency.DAVISI don't see an earphone on him.hawkeye
                    He's heading to the Convention
                    Annex.FERRIS(stands)
                    Give me a headset. I'm going down
                    there.Convention annexArriving at the foyer, Cris sees Five Meeting Rooms. He
          squints then decisively enters one of them.FOUR BLACK SUITS arrive an instant later. Without wasting a
          beat, each of them goes through a different door. All except
          the one Cris went through.Cris re-emerges a moment later and heads back toward the
          casino.CasinoFerris, arriving, adjusts her headset.Cris sees her. Recognizes her from his prevision as the woman
          on the plasma screen. Turns and walks away.She sees Cris. Takes off after him.Ferris
                        (to head mic)
                    He's heading toward...
                        (reads sign)
                    the Ipanema Grill.Security Staff converge on the area. Cris is in plain sight.
          Suddenly a busload of tourists surge in through a door and
          clog the way.Cris continues into the...11.Kitchen areaPassing a room service cart, he rolls it in front of him. A
          few steps on, he takes the bottle of OLIVE OIL on the cart
          and pours some in front of one random closed door. Cris then
          shoves the room service cart down the hall toward an empty
          intersecting corridor. A Black Suit barrels into the empty
          intersection just as the cart arrives - and tumbles over it.
          Behind Cris, a door swings open; a Black Suit charges out;
          steps precisely into the puddle of poured olive oil - and
          falls on his ass.Cris slips by him, but gets cut off by an arriving group of
          FOUR MORE BLACK SUITS. Big guys. They try to grab him. He
          evades their grasp almost magically and, like a Shaolin Monk,
          somehow leverages them into each other until they are in a
          pile on the floor. Cris darts around them into the...LobbyHe co-opts a luggage cart that is loaded up for delivery.
          Rolling it to the left, a Black Suit on that side doesn't see
          him - and moves on. Cris switches to the right side of the
          card - just as a second Black Suit would have seen him.Abandoning the cart, Cris sets off across the lobby in a
          herky-jerky rhythm.He walks four quick steps without being seen. Then stops
          behind a column just as Black Suit 1 turns his way. When
          Black Suit 1 looks on, Cris resumes his journey, cutting
          across the lobby at an acute angle. In this way, he avoids
          being seen by Black Suit 2. Cris now backs up three steps and
          avoids being seen by Black Suit 3.By precisely choosing his movements and knowing where his
          hunters will be looking, Cris achieves something like
          invisibility.The last obstacle to daylight is Ferris. She sees him. He
          makes a run for the door. She dashes after him.FERRISYou! I just need to talk to you!Cris grabs a guest's suitcase and keeps moving.FERRISHomeland Security!12.The guest chases after Cris - and collides with Ferris,
          knocking her to the ground. Which allows Cris to slip through
          a door to the...Ext. Hotel loading dock - DAYWhere TWO LAUNDRY DELIVERY MEN are flinging sacks of clothes
          into the back of a truck. Cris steps toward the open tailgate
          with a steady pace. As if on cue, both Laundry Guys turn and
          bend to pick up another sack of clothes. Cris walks right by
          them without being noticed -- and climbs into the truck. A
          moment later, the Laundry Guys pivot back around, toss sacks
          of clothes in after Cris, and slam the rear doors. They get
          in the truck and drive off just as Ferris, Davis, and several
          Black Suits arrive to find a cold trail.davis
                    You were right. This guy is a lot
                    more than lucky.Oddly, Ferris seems almost encouraged.ferrIS
                    At least now I know he exists.INT. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY - las vegas regional
          OFFICE - nIGHTFerris strides purposefully through hallways crowded with
          people hustling just as urgently as she is. She enters the
          large ante-room of a bigshot's office and addresses JEANNIE,
          a civil service secretary.Ferris
                    Jeannie, I have to see him right
                    away.Jeannie
                    He's on with Washington. We just
                    went on Code Orange.Ferris
                    What's the threat?JEANNIEWe found a dirty bomb in East
                    Vegas. A barrel of C-4 and a kilo
                    of nuclear waste. But we're getting
                    chatter about a dozen more out
                    there somewhere, ready to blow.Ferris absorbs the catastrophic news without emotion.13.Ferris
                    Tell him I have a new source that
                    could help with the case.JEANNIE(snide)
                    Another remote viewer?Ferris stares her down.Ferris
                    Have him meet me in imaging.Leaves without waiting for a response.ext. picnic in park - DayCris and a glowing YOUNG MOTHER hold a BABY BOY. Gazing into
          the baby's eyes, Cris beams with perfect happiness. He plays
          with the baby's fingers. The two middle ones are subtly
          WEBBED BY A PIECE OF SKIN that comes about halfway up the
          bottom knuckle. The image whites out as...INT. LAUNDRY TRUCK - DAYSunlight pours into the back of the truck, revealing Cris
          lounging on a mound of laundry sacks. He composes himself and
          steps out, nonchalant as James Bond.CrIS
                    Thanks, guys. Not too heavy on the
                    starch.Computer simulationThe pursuit of Cris through the casino has been mapped into a
          3-D visualization. Multiple camera angles have been merged so
          that a single POV seamlessly follows Cris without cutting.It's clear that Cris avoids trouble before he sees it.male voice (O.s.)
                    You pulled me out of a conference
                    call with the Secretary to show me
                    a video game?INT. IMAGING lab - DAYERIC WISDOM, 38, stands next to Ferris as they watch the
          simulation on a flat-screen monitor. Highly competent,
          solidly masculine, Spencer Tracy to her Hepburn, you can rely
          on him in your average emergency. Which this is not.14.FERRISI need six men to bring him in.WISDOMWe're on Code Orange.Ferris
                    He could help us find the other
                    bombs.WISDOMThat's an ultra low probability.
                    None of your "specials" have ever
                    panned out, and this isn't the time
                    to experiment.Ferris steps close to Wisdom.FERRISCome on, Eric, you saw it. We're
                    flying blind and he's got radar.Wisdom steps away from her.WISDOMCallie, people are talking. They
                    say I'm only funding your research
                    because we're involved.FeRRIS
                    That's because they're....WISDOMRight.Ouch.WISDOMI'm sorry, but they're right.FERRISYou bastard.WISDOMI care about you, and I wanted to
                    support you. But there's a limit to
                    what I can...FERRIS(professional)
                    Look, we analyzed what this ability
                    would look like if it existed.(MORE)15.FERRIS (cont'd)
                    I went screening for it in a highly
                    scientific way. And now I've
                    identified someone who matches all
                    the indicators. So the next obvious
                    step is to...wisdom
                    Let me do my job! - Christ! Don't
                    you ever quit?FERRISNo.
                        (beat)
                    I've got a country to protect.He finds her both infuriating and irresistible.WISDOMUse your charm on somebody else.He stalks out of the room, leaving her more thwarted than
          sad.DRIVER'S POV: TRAFFIC IN VEGASAn elevated freeway. Driving behind a pick-up truck carrying
          a mattress and box spring.Cris (v.O.)
                    I'm not God. I don't see
                    everything. Just my own future.Ext./INT. Cris' car - DAYCris drives an old Camaro, muscle-y but inconspicuous.Cris (v.O.)
                    To me, it seems normal. The way
                    lightning comes before thunder.Cris changes lanes to get from behind the truck.CRIS (V.O.)Most of the time, I'm not paying
                    attention. Just making sure I don't
                    step in a mess.In his rearview mirror, Cris sees the mattress fall off the
          truck, causing an accident.16.CRIS (V.O.)Sometimes I get a blast from far
                    away.He sees a plume of smoke in the distance.CRIS (V.O.)Or I can start with a glimpse of
                    something close and keep pushing
                    on.He takes the next exit.CRIS (V.O.)Usually it's none of my business.He turns into the parking lot of a bookie shop, THE FINISHLINE.INT. The finish line - DAYCris walks to the counter. Addresses the manager.CRISGuy around?MANAGERYou are?CRISTell him it's King Midas.INT. homeland security regional hq - internal security office- DAYTERRY BAINES, plainclothed HEAD OF PROTECTIVE SERVICES for
          the Facility, walks down the corridor with three of the
          better-trained MILITARY POLICE who have been brought in to
          augment the regular staff of civilian FEDERAL PROTECTIVE
          SERVICE POLICE. Baines is a handsome former Special Forces
          Lieutenant, early-forties, who takes his work very seriously.
          Ferris runs to catch up with him. He doesn't slow down for
          her.FERRISTerry? Terry! - I know you've got
                    your hands full but I was wondering
                    if you might be able to spare a few
                    warm bodies for an outside
                    operation.17.She gives him a look. There's some mutual attraction, but not
          a lot of affection.BAINESWe're strictly internal.FERRISThat's why I need your people.
                    Everybody else is assigned.BAINESDoes Wisdom know about this?FERRISHe suggested it.While Baines arches a dubious eyebrow, an intellectual junior
          analyst, AMANDA, catches up with Ferris.AMANDACallie.
                        (corrects herself)
                    Agent Ferris. I've got a face match
                    on your subject. His name is Cris
                    Johnson.Ferris takes Amanda's PRINTOUT and glances at it on the run:
          it's a PHOTO of Cris on a WANTED BULLETIN.fERRIS
                        (slows to a stop)
                    Never mind, Terry. Pretty Boy here
                    is wanted for murder in Nevada.She hustles off with Amanda.INT. BACK ROOM AT THE FINISH LINE - DAYA smoky office with a big screen tv and a poker table, but no
          card players. Cris is greeted by GUY, relaxed, professional,
          smartly dressed, mid-forties. He's classier than the joint he
          runs.Guy
                    Well, if it isn't the Golden Man.A look, a hug. A lot of history.Guy
                    What brings you crawling back to
                    me?18.CRISI need to cash some chips. - Got
                    tagged.He starts setting them in stacks on the poker table.GUYYou burned through your stash
                    already?CRISI've been trying to lay low.INT. State police STATION - dAYComputer monitor on a desk plays Cris' escape from the
          casino.CavANAUGH (o.s.)
                    That's him. I call him the Road
                    Runner. You know? Beep beep.LT. CAVANAUGH, middle-aged hunter type, beer belly but still
          a menace.Ferris
                    What's he running from?Cavanaugh takes a videocassette from a pile on his messy
          desk.CAVANAUGHYou showed me yours. I'll show you
                    mine.He pops the tape into a VCR. Presses play.On the monitorLow-quality security camera recording of a liquor store at
          night. Business is good. FIVE PEOPLE wait in line at the
          register. Time code reads November 11, 2004. Cris walks in,
          unsteady on his feet. Heads for the beer locker. Pauses.
          Suddenly runs toward the register at full speed and TACKLES A
          CUSTOMER, shoving him hard to the floor. Cris prepares to
          hold him down, but the tackled man just lies there, a pool of
          blood forming under his head. Cris looks up. The customers
          are gaping at him, terrified.19.CRIS(slurred)
                    He was gonna kill you! You all
                    would'a died!Cris sees that they're afraid of him, not the dead man. He
          runs out. PAUSE TAPE.Back to sceneCavanaugh studies Ferris' reaction.INT. BACK ROOM AT THE FINISH LINE - DAYGuy finishes counting Cris' chips.Guy
                    But you of all people. How could
                    you have let it happen?CRISThat was the night Donna broke off
                    our engagement.GUYAhh.CRISI was so drunk I could barely see
                    now.Guy opens a drawer, takes out a pack of a hundred $100's, and
          counts out an additional sum from his pocket.GUYWell, I hope you don't mind. I
                    called Neal to let him know you're
                    here.CRISChrist, Guy, did you have to?GUYYou say everything's inevitable, so
                    I guess I did.Guy returns to his antique copper espresso machine and starts
          to make two cups.CRISWell, you can save your breath.
                    Cause I know what you're gonna say.20.GUYThen you're aware that Neal is in a
                    serious cash crunch and could lose
                    it all.CRISI'm sorry to hear that. But I'm
                    done playing the market.While Guy is distracted making espresso, Cris jams the desk
          drawer shut with a penny.GUYNeal's got it all worked out. He'll
                    fly you out of the country on his
                    jet. Put you up in style. He pays
                    taxes, totally legal. You get cash,
                    squeaky clean. Half the net. When
                    your share hits fifty mil, you can
                    say "finito"...and it's over.CRISExcept last time, Neal didn't take
                    "finito" for an answer.Guy slams his fist.GUYYou need us, asshole! The Law is
                    breathin' down your neck!CRISI can stay ahead of `em forever.GUYBut why live that way?CRISBecause I don't want to be used any
                    more.GUYWhat do you give a shit as long as
                    you get what you want?CRISCause what I want is freedom. And
                    you don't get it by giving it up.Guy calms himself and sets an espresso in front of Cris.21.CRISEnjoy it while it lasts.Cris picks up the cup and knocks it back.Ext. finish line - Parking lot - DAYCris starts up the car. Notices he's woozy. He prepares to
          back out. Instead he blacks out -- as Guy and THREE MEN drag
          him out of the car.SNAPBACK TO:Guy's officeGuy sets the cup of espresso in front of Cris, who picks it
          up. But Instead of knocking it back, he sets it down and
          grins cryptically at Guy, who senses something and reaches to
          open his top desk drawer - the one Cris pennied shut. Guy
          can't get it open. Guy reaches under his Racing Form. Feels
          around. Cris holds up a knife.CRISLooking for this?Guy pulls his arm from under the Racing Form -- spilling the
          cup of espresso that Cris just set down. Guy knows that's not
          a coincidence.CRISDon't mess with somebody who knows
                    your moves before you even think
                    'em.Cris takes his cash.GUYThe jet'll be sold in a week. Then
                    there goes your ticket out.CRISDon't wait for me.Cris heads out.Guy
                    You know what I think? I think I
                    know the future better than you do.Cris scoffs as he leaves.22.INT. State police STATION - dAYCavanaugh pours coffee for himself and Ferris.CAVANAUGHHe's just some gambler. Lives
                    completely off the grid. No bank
                    account. No credit cards. No
                    previous record.Ferris
                    So why'd he do it?CAVANAUGHMust be a wacko. He'd never met the
                    victim. No connection whatsoever.Ferris tries to make sense of it all.feRRIS
                    And in fifteen months, why haven't
                    you caught him?Cavanaugh sighs woefully.CAVANAUGHYou saw. He's got eyes in the back
                    of his head. He can see around
                    corners. I even had him in custody
                    once, and he disappeared.Ferris
                    Must be very embarrassing.A painful subject for Cavanaugh.CAVANAUGHAnd what is it you want him for?Ferris
                    Questioning.CAVANAUGHAbout?Ferris
                    Stuff that hasn't happened yet.Cavanaugh nods knowingly.23.CAVANAUGHWell, I guess Homeland Security
                    trumps liquor store murder. How can
                    I help?Ext. Suburban home - las vegas - niGHTA tract house, cheap, from the 60's, could be anywhere.
          Something sad about the place. Cris stands at the door,
          holding a bag of groceries. IRV, a sick old man, opens the
          door, wearing a knit cap and pajamas. He's hooked up to a
          little oxygen tank on wheels. When he sees Cris, his smile
          crimps the tube in his nose.IRVWhat are you doing back here?CRISI came to fix you dinner.IRVIdiot.Irv pulls Cris inside. Closes the door.INT. irv's house - nightThey embrace like father and son. The oxygen tube gets in the
          way.IRVThis is what you get from two packs
                    a day.CrIS
                    But you quit ten years ago.IRVIt was already too late. I just
                    didn't know it.CRISSometimes not knowing is better.Irv shakes his head.IRVLook where you're headed, pal. The
                    big decisions are over before you
                    even realize you made `em.24.INT. The finish line - back room - nightCavanaugh and Ferris chat with Guy. This time the poker game
          is in progress.CaVANAUGH
                    Any idea where he might be going?Guy turns to Ferris.GUYI've got a little problem with the
                    IRS. Think I could get some relief?FERRISDepends how helpful you are.GuY
                    Oh, I know everything about him.He looks at Ferris, knowing. She turns to Cavanaugh.FERRISI need to speak to him alone.INT. FINISH LINE - MAIN PARLOR - NIGHTGuy and Ferris sip cappucino.GUYAnd another thing, no woman ever
                    turns him down, I'm serious. Mainly
                    because he only propositions the
                    ones he knows'll say yes, which is
                    most of `em anyway. But does that
                    make him happy? No. Says he's
                    bored. Never surprised. Has to
                    watch himself die over and over
                    again.FERRISWhy'd he come back to Vegas?GUYDidn't say, but I'm guessin' it's
                    this friend who's dying. An old
                    fart who took him in when he was
                    strung out on drugs. - He's an
                    orphan, ya know. Been on the road
                    since he was ten.25.INT. Irv's house / living room - nightThe place is a mess. Piles of newspapers. Old clothes. Cris
          cleans up as they talk. Irv sits at a table and plays
          solitaire.IRVYou want my advice? Get yourself a
                    good lawyer and turn yourself in.CRISIf I tell `em the truth, you know
                    what happens? I end up with the
                    Feds. - And you know what they do
                    to me?IRVMake you a secret agent.Cris
                    Don't laugh. They strap me in a
                    chair and make me watch the news.IRVDan Rather or Peter Jennings?CRISIt's not funny, Irv. That's all I
                    do, day after day, for the rest of
                    my life. Watch the news until I
                    lose my hair and croak.Irv is moved by Cris' dilemma.Irv
                    There's no way around it?CRISThe best I can do is stay away from
                    all of `em.Irv shakes his head with sympathy for Cris' plight.IRVIn that case, you've gotta leave
                    the country.CRISI know, I know, but there's
                    something I gotta do first.26.IRVWhat?Cris doesn't answer. His gaze is distant.IRVCris?Cris focuses.CRISShe's coming here. The Fed.IRVYou gotta go?Cris thinks. Shakes his head.CRISLet's play it out.INT. Irv's kitchen - DAYCris makes a lamb roast, studding it with cloves of garlic.CRISI've got the place all picked out.
                    It's called Palau. Three hundred
                    teeny islands in the South Pacific.
                        (places roast in pan)
                    Nothing ever happens there, so
                    there's nothing to foresee.IRVThen what the hell are you waiting
                    for?Cris puts the roasting pan in the oven.CRISHer.IRVWho?CRISI haven't met her yet.IRVThen find somebody else!27.CRISIt has to be her.IRVWhat's so special about this one?CRISShe's the mother of my child.Irv stops shuffling the cards.IRVI thought you were shooting blanks.CRISI guess the doctors were wrong.IRVI don't mean to be indelicate, my
                    friend, but how do you know the
                    little bastard is yours?CRISHe's got my thing.IRVYour thing?Cris holds up his hand, revealing that the skin between his
          two middle fingers is webbed a little higher than normal.CRISMy thing.IRVI still don't understand why you
                    never got that fixed.Cris laughs...then suddenly stops.cris
                    She's here.He walks to the door and opens it to discover Ferris standing
          there, with her finger about to press the doorbell.CRISAgent Ferris, come in.She regards Cris with appreciation.28.FERRISOne step ahead of the game.cRIS
                    Always.She enters. Tries not to be intimidated by his ability or
          appearance. Sees Irv, watching them.Ferris
                    Is there some place we can speak
                    privately?CRISLet's go in the kitchen. I've got a
                    roast in the oven.IrV
                    No, you two stay here. I'll watch
                    the food.Once out of Ferris' eyeline, Irv queries Cris with his hand
          in the shape of a gun. Cris shakes his head, then turns to
          Ferris - and waits for her to begin.FERRISYou're wasting your life, Cris. You
                    have the most amazing talent, and
                    you're running from it.CRISYeah, people say I could have been
                    a chef.Ferris
                    Don't be cute. There's too much at
                    stake here.Her gravity anchors him.FERRISNow if you say that man in the
                    liquor store was going to shoot
                    five people, I believe you. Why
                    else would you kill a stranger?Cris guards his reaction.FERRISBut no good deed goes unpunished,
                    eh?(MORE)29.FERRIS (cont'd)
                    And that's how it's going to be in
                    this world. People will either hate
                    you or want to exploit you.CRISEveryone but you, of course.FERRISI can fix your legal problems. More
                    importantly, I can give you a
                    chance to use your gift.CRISTrust me, it's better if I don't.
                    It's better if I just mind my own
                    business.Ferris looks at him, disapproving.FERRISI'll be honest with you, Cris.
                    That's not an option. Your country
                    needs you. And if we don't grab
                    you, somebody else will.CRISNobody's grabbed me yet.Ferris
                    You're up against more powerful
                    forces now.She lets that sink in.FERRISI'd like you to come with me for
                    some testing. Would you be willing
                    to do that?Cris's expression grows dark. He looks at Ferris accusingly,
          then BOLTS away, toward the KITCHEN.FERRISWhere are you going?Cris covers his eyes and dives to the floor as STUN GRENADES
          shatter windows and explode with a FLASH.FERRIS(temporarily blinded)
                    Shit! Cavanaugh!Gas grenades follow.30.Cris scrambles to his feet as a NEVADA POLICE SWAT TEAM
          bursts through windows and doors, wearing gas masks and
          goggles, scanning with laser-guided rifles. They find Cris,
          dashing for the back door. Open fire.Cris tumbles, dodges a few bullets, then takes a hit in the
          shoulder, the back, the leg. Staggers forward. Absorbs dozens
          of bullets.Falls.Lies there.Dying.Cavanaugh steps up to deliver the final shot.SNAPBACK TO:INT. Irv's house / living room - an hour AGOIRVIn that case, you've gotta leave
                    the country.CRISI know, I know, I've got the place
                    picked out. But there's something
                    I've gotta do first.IRVWhat?Cris doesn't answer. His gaze is distant.IRVCris?Cris focuses.CRISI have to go.IRVYou just got here.CRISI know, but they're coming for me.Cris takes the pack of cash he got from Guy, pulls out more
          than half the bills, and sets them on a table.31.CRISThis is for nurses and stuff, to
                    make things a little easier.IRVYou're gonna need it.Cris shakes his head and embraces Irv.CrIS
                    You're the only one I could trust.
                    Ever.They're both choked up.IRVI don't suppose you've discovered
                    any last minute escape for me?CRISI looked, Irv, I really did. I went
                    down every path, every treatment.
                    Sometimes there's just no...IRVIt's okay. It's okay...Now I can
                    relax.A last look.Ext. irv's street - dAYCris' approaches his parked Camaro with his key out.
          CAVANAUGH and SIX TROOPERS spring from hiding, guns trained
          on him.Camera pans to crisIn Irv's back yard, watching this scene.Ext. ALLEY BEHIND IRV'S HOUSE - DAYA State Trooper keeps watch, smoking. When he steps on the
          butt, Cris enters the frame in the background. When the
          Trooper turns to a wall to piss, Cris crosses the alley,
          unseen. When Cris passes out of frame, the Trooper finishes,
          unaware of what he has missed.32.Ext. outskirts of vegas - nightA Route 66-vintage highway with stop lights and tawdry
          commercial development. Cris stands on the shoulder, thumbing
          a ride. Cars and trucks pass without stopping.FAST FOWARD through endless traffic until an OLD CHEVROLET
          pulls over. Cris checks his watch. It's 8:23.Snapback TO:SIDE OF THE ROADChris checks his watch. It's 7:57.Cris
                        (to himself)
                    Twenty-four minutes.He looks around. Sees a donut shop. Heads toward it.INT. Irv's house - nightCavanaugh's State Troopers, guns drawn, are searching the
          place on a hair-trigger, ready to blow away anything that
          moves.FERRISI need him alive, Cavanaugh. Even
                    if he resists.CAVANAUGHYes, ma'am.She points to Cavanaugh's troopers.FERRISTell them.As Cavanaugh grudingly walks off to deliver the message, Irv
          approaches Ferris.Irv
                    You'll never catch him. He knows
                    what you're gonna do to him.FERRISThat's very helpful information.She walks off, leaving Irv to regret he opened his mouth.33.INT. donut shop - nightCris steps in. Goes to the counter.CrIS
                    Medium coffee, black, and a glazed.As he waits, he sees a vague REFLECTION in the GLASS DISPLAY
          CASE: a SQUARE CROSS, coming into focus.Puzzled, Cris looks up and around to see the object that's
          being reflected. He can't find it. Cris turns back to the
          display case, but the reflection is gone. The DONUT GIRL
          gives him his order.Cris takes it, turns, and notices LIZ COOPER sitting by
          herself at a booth, circling items in the classified section.
          He recognizes her as the future mother of his future child.Cris gazes at her face, which is both childish and mature,
          shy yet indomitable.She turns, scowling, from the staring stranger.Cris approaches Liz and gives her that smile that always
          works.CRISMind if I join you?LIZ(prickly)
                    Yeah, actually I do.Cris seems disconcerted.SNAPBACK TO:The Donut Girl gives Cris his order. He approaches Liz again
          and tries a different opening line.CRISIs that cruller any good?Liz looks at him like he's hopeless. He notices that she's
          reading the used car ads.SNAPBACK TO:The Donut Girl gives Cris his order. He approaches Liz.34.CRISShopping for a car?LIZWhat business is it of yours?SNAPBACK TO:The Donut Girl gives Cris his order. He approaches Liz.CRISRough day?lIZ
                    I don't want to talk about it.SnAPBACK TO:The Donut Girl gives Cris his order. Discouraged after all
          that rejection, he approaches Liz -- and bobbles his coffee,
          spilling it on the floor. He's mortified, but she smiles at
          him.SNAPBACK TO:The Donut Girl gives Cris his order. Now confident he's found
          the right approach, Cris approaches Liz and deliberately
          bobbles his coffee. But not in the exact way he did before.
          When it falls, it splashes on her shoes.LIZAw Christ! Look what you've done!CRISI'm so sorry. I'm a spaz.LIZYeah, you are.She wipes her shoe with a napkin.LIZIt looked like you spilled it on
                    purpose.CRISWhy would I do that?LIZI don't know. To impress me?35.CRISLook, I'm sorry. If I could, I'd do
                    it over.Disgusted, she hands him a stack of paper napkins.CRISHere.She watches as he sops up the coffee and carries dripping,
          soggy tissues to the trash. The miserable expression on his
          face finally wins the smile he's been working for.INT. Donut shop - night - a few minutes laterThey're sitting across from each other, laughing.Liz
                    Divorce, bankruptcy, repossession.
                    Yeah, I'd call that a bad year.CRISWell, Liz, your luck's about to
                    change.LIZHow's that?CRISYou met me.LIZAnd what are you, a leprechaun?CRISAn angel, actually. And we always
                    reward the people who help us.LIZGreat, what do I have to do?CRISYou don't have to do anything.Cris glances outside and sees the old Chevrolet drive by
          without stopping. He checks his watch. It's 8:23.CRISBut I could use a ride.She knows she shouldn't.36.INT. JEEP CHEROKEE / on highway - nIGHTGoing fast. Johnny Cash on the CD.LIZWhen does the luck kick in?CRISIt already has.LIZI don't feel anything.CRISNot even a tingle?LIZSon, I haven't had a tingle in
                    eight months.He waits for the other shoe to drop.Liz
                        (can't hold it in)
                    Since my worthless no-good dickhead
                    of a husband ran out on me.CRISThen you're way overdue. For a
                    reversal of fortune.Brake lights flare on the cars ahead. They pass an exit.CRISAny kids?LIZThirty.
                        (off his look)
                    I teach fifth grade.CRISI mean of your own.She shakes her head.CRISI guess that's good. Considering.LIZNo, that was the problem. - I
                    couldn't get pregnant.37.Traffic is backed up.CRISI'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry.LIZYou didn't. I'm just running off at
                    the mouth. - That's why I was in
                    Vegas. To see another doctor.Flashing yellow lights - a barricade. Cris is getting
          nervous.CRISHe didn't want to adopt?LIZNo, he had to have a Randy Junior.Flashing blue lights - parked cop cars.LIZWhat, is there an accident?The place is crawling with state troopers. Cris is looking
          around for a way out.SnAPBACK TO:one MINUTE EARLIER - one mile backLIZWhen does the luck kick in?CRISIt already has.LIZI don't feel anything.Brake lights flare on the cars ahead.CRIS(urgent)
                    Take this exit. Quick!LIZWhy?CRISJust take it!38.The dotted lines on the road are now solid.LIZIt's too late!CRISNo it's not!Cris grabs the steering wheel and jerks it to the right,
          sending them over some speed bumps onto the off ramp.LIZLet go! Are you out of your mind?!She slams on the brakes and they screech to a stop on the
          right shoulder of the exit ramp.LIZGet out!Cris scrambles for an explanation. Looks, sees a quieu of
          brake lights from the roadblock now backed up past the exit.CRISTraffic was piling up. You didn't
                    see it?LIZGET OUT!!CRISWe could'a been stuck there for
                    hours.LIZI don't give a flyin' goddamn! You
                    don't grab the steering wheel!Cris pauses for a beat. Takes a different tack.CRISYou're right. I'm sorry. I
                    panicked. I get phobic sitting in
                    traffic. It won't happen again, I
                    promise.LIZDamn straight, cause you won't be
                    in the car!She waits for him to exit.39.CRISHow `bout at the next gas station?
                    Please. I'll fill up your tank.Liz sighs, exasperated, and continues down the exit ramp,
          passing a sign that says, WELCOME TO CALIFORNIA.ext. road block - NIGHTCavanaugh and Ferris drink coffee as troopers examine every
          passing vehicle.Ferris
                    You're wasting time here.CaVANAUGH
                    How long have you been in law
                    enforcement? About six months?FERRISLong enough to know we're not gonna
                    catch him by surprise.CAVANAUGHWhat, you think he's got some kind
                    of radar?FERRISInteresting idea. It'd explain a
                    whole lot.CAVANAUGHAnd Area 51 would explain my
                    missing tennis shoes. But that
                    doesn't mean they're on a flying
                    saucer.Ferris comes to a decision.FERRISIn this case, it does.Cavanaugh knows he's about to hear something wild.Ext. Gas station/mini-mart - nightGasoline flowing. Liz, still in a snit, sits impatiently
          behind the wheel, watching in the mirror as Cris crosses
          behind the car and knocks on her window. Grudgingly, she
          lowers it. He holds out a lottery card.40.CRISI am really really really really
                    sorry.Indulging him, she takes it. When he walks away, she deigns
          to look at it. She tries to resist but can't. Gets out a
          nickel and scratches the card. Wins $250. What the...?CHUNK. The pump shuts off.BEHIND THE CARCris takes out the nozzle and twists on the cap. Behind him,
          Liz strides by in a huff.Liz
                    Get in the car. I'll be back in a
                    minute.Cris smiles to himself as she proceeds toward the mini-mart.exT. roadblock - NIGHTCavanaugh considers what Ferris has just told him.CAVANAUGHI'd call your proof a little iffy.FERRISLook, from your own experience,
                    this guy can't be punched, shot,
                    surprised, captured, or confined.
                    So either he's got something
                    special, or you're an idiot.Cavanaugh doesn't like her logic.CAVANAUGHLet's say I'm not an idiot...FERRISAnd I'm not saying you are.CAVANAUGHThen what?FERRISWe've got to think like he does.
                    We've got to think ahead.41.INT. liz's CAR ON a mountain ROAD - nightWillie Nelson on the CD player. Liz holds an Icee in one hand
          while Cris feeds her Kettle Chips.CRISBut lately I've been traveling all
                    around Oregon. It's really peaceful
                    up there.LIZAll right, I'm starting getting the
                    picture. - Basically, you're a no-
                    good, worthless ramblin' man who's
                    never held a job in life.CRIS(smiles)
                    Exactly.She's charmed, in spite of herself.liz
                    At least you're honest about it.Ext. Liz's car - Outskirts of tahoe - nIGHTCris and Liz sing along with Patsy Cline on the radio. The
          song ends as they hit the city limits.LIZThis is where I turn into town.She pulls over.CRISWell, thanks for the ride.LIZThanks for the card.CRISYou're welcome.They're both reluctant to part.cRIS
                    I don't suppose you'd have time for
                    a drink.LIZNo, no, I've gotta teach tomorrow.42.CRISI understand...Well, see ya.LIZSo long.He steps out and starts to close the door.LIZWell, maybe just a quick one.INT. The silver spur - nightCowboy dive. Crowded for a week night. Liz leads Cris to the
          bar where the BARTENDER is washing some glasses.LIZHey, George.Bartender
                    Hey, Liz.LIZI'll take the usual and he'll have
                    a...CRISSierra Pale.The Bartender and Liz exchange a look.Bartender
                    Two Sierras.As he draws two pints, the Bartender leans toward Liz.BartENDER
                    Randy's been hanging around.LIZHe's not here now, is he?Bartender nods toward the pool tables, where RANDY, her ex,
          plays 8-ball with a pal.LIZThanks.She turns to Cris.LIZWe gotta split. My ex is here.43.Cris lays some money on the bar, and they head for the door.
          But before they get there, Randy sees Liz and bounds after
          her, holding a pool cue. He's much bigger and taller than
          Cris.Randy
                    I gotta talk to you, baby.LIZSure, Randy. I'll call you
                    tomorrow.She tries to slide by him. Randy blocks the way.Randy
                    Bullshit. I've left a dozen
                    messages on your phone.Cris steps between them.Cris
                    Excuse me. We were just leaving.Randy
                    And who the hell are you?Cris stands his ground. Locks eyes.Liz
                    Don't mess with him, Cris. He used
                    to play hockey.CRISJust a friend.Randy
                    Then don't get between me and my
                    woman.LIZI'm not yours anymore, asshole!Randy
                    Baby, I've made a terrible mistake,
                    and I just want to undo all the...Randy holds Liz by the shoulders.liz
                    Let go!44.RANDYYou still care for me, I know it.Liz resists. Cris grips Randy's arm.CRISEasy, man.Randy hauls off to slug Cris. Cris easily ducks the blow and
          answers with a solid punch to the belly.Randy recovers and realizes he's up against a skilled
          opponent. He takes a stance, ready to get serious. He sticks
          a few jabs at Cris, who easily slips from each one, like he
          saw them coming a mile away. Randy goes for a hook. Cris
          feints and lands an uppercut to Randy's chin. Most men would
          go down, but Randy is so big, he stays up to take more
          punishment.Cris delivers an elegant beating that humiliates the big guy
          and makes him look like an oaf. Cris puts an end to it by
          breaking Randy's nose. The big guy falls to his knees,
          bleeding.Liz rushes to Randy's side, holding her ex and glowering up
          at Cris like he's a sadistic brute.LIZGet out of here! Get out!Cris realizes he's blown it.SNAPBACK TO:MOMENTS BEFORERANDYYou still care for me, I know it.Liz resists. Cris grips Randy's arm.CRISEasy, man.Randy hauls off to slug Cris, who this time makes no effort
          to duck. WHAM! Cris takes a sledgehammer in the mouth. Randy
          follows up mercilessly, punching Cris in the gut, then
          holding him up while he punches him again.Liz grabs Randy's arm.45.LIZStop it, Randy! Stop it!Randy flings her aside and finishes up   with a solid right to
          Cris' jaw, that puts him on the floor.   Randy pulls back his
          leg for a pointy-booted cowboy kick to   the ribs, when Liz
          rushes to Cris' side and glowers up at   Randy like he's a
          sadistic brute.LIZGet out of here! Get out!Randy realizes he's blown it -- and lets himself be pulled
          out of the bar by a couple of buddies.Liz examines Cris with concern.LIZOh God, I'll take you to the
                    emergency room.CRISNo ho'pital. I don' nee' ho'pital.LIZGod, I hate that bastard...Will
                    somebody get some ice!She strokes Cris' hair.Ext. Liz's cottage - nightIn the foothills. Liz's car pulls up. Cris gets out, holding
          a dish towel full of ice to his jaw.CRISI'm sorry I'm causing you all this
                    trouble.LIZAre you kidding? You stood up for
                    me.CRISActually, I wasn't standing for
                    that long.Liz unlocks the front door. Turns on the lights.LIZSorry it's so cold in here. The
                    heater's broken.46.INT. Liz's cottage - nightCris looks around, sore but pleased that he has managed to
          stay in Liz's company. The place is cozy, ranch-like.LIZI really should've left him a long
                    time ago. God knows he deserved it.CRISWhy didn't you?LIZCause I don't leave. I never have.
                    My boyfriends always left me.She wets a washcloth with hot water.LIZI get attached to people, and then
                    I'll put up with anything.CRISWhat a terrible quality. You're too
                    loyal.She returns with a wet washcloth.LIZSit in the light.He lowers himself onto the sofa next to the table lamp. She
          comes close and gingerly wipes the blood from his nose and
          lips.LIZI never minded that I was the more
                    devoted one. Somebody's gotta be
                    more this or more that.He looks in her eyes.LIZBut they never appreciate it, that
                    you're there for them.She tries to stay on task but gets drawn in by his gaze.LIZThey just try and get away with
                    more and more, and figure you'll
                    just...47.He leans forward. Their lips touch.LIZSalty.It gets more intense.Then abruptly, she shies away, freaked.LIZChrist, I don't even know you. I
                    have no idea who you are.SNAPBACK TO:ON THE SOFAShe wipes the blood from his nose and lips. He looks in her
          eyes. She tries to stay on task, but she gets drawn in by his
          gaze. He leans forward. Their lips almost touch. But this
          time, Cris pulls back.Liz is embarrassed.LIZSorry to get you caught up in my
                    soap opera.CRISOnce you start watching, it's hard
                    not to get involved.She goes back to tending his wounds.LIZYou ever been married?CRISAlmost.LIZWhat happened?CRISShe wanted kids.LIZAnd you didn't?CRIs
                    No, I did, too.48.She looks at him, curious.CRISIt's just that...I can't.Something about his revelation unsettles her.LIZWhy are you telling me this? These
                    personal details.CRISI don't know. You asked and...I
                    guess I felt like you'd understand.Tears well up in her eyes.lIZ
                    I do.Cris looks at her with sympathy.lIZ
                    I can't either. Have kids.Cris comforts her. She looks up into his eyes expectantly.Fighting the pull, he looks away for a moment to see where
          this is going - then glances back at her, almost dizzy.CRISThat was incredible.LiZ
                    What was?CRISThis.He kisses her with a quiet intensity that quickly ignites.Their lovemaking unfolds as it would be experienced by Cris.
          Effect before cause. The pleasure, then the gesture that
          elicits it.Cris explores her body until she sighs, then snapsback and
          goes directly to the sweet spot. He strings together a
          perfect melody of shudders and moans, without striking any
          false notes along the way.Moments are superimposed, diaphonous, played against each
          other in counterpoint.49.Visual harmonics, elastically out-of-sync. Rising to a
          crescendo. Until all the futures resolve into a single now.DISSOLVE TO:AFTERWARDS - nIGHTFloating in bed. Her head on his chest. His eyes open, sadly
          content, like he wishes he could stop time here forever. Like
          he's afraid it will all disappear if he takes his eyes off
          her.LIZThat was...I've never...Cris forces himself to look away into the distance.int. WISDOM'S OFFICE / federal facility - nightWisdom, exhausted, quietly confers with a cadre of ANALYSTS
          AND OPERATIVES. Their voices are confident, but their body
          language betrays their pessimism.expert 1
                    We sent the payload to Livermore,
                    and by measuring the cesium
                    degradation, they've identified the
                    reactor in Smerlensk that it came
                    from.expert 2
                    Washington has our birds tracking
                    for that radiation signature in key
                    cities.Ferris slips in and takes an empty chair.wisdom
                    What do we know about the
                    explosive?Expert 3
                    Our lab downstairs is still
                    studying the C-4 sample. It's
                    Czech, but we haven't nailed down
                    the batch.Wisdom rubs his forehead, distraught.WISDOMSo basically we've got nothing.No one disagrees.50.WISDOMYou're failing your country,
                    people. You're not trying hard
                    enough.
                        (looks around the table)
                    Do you understand what I'm saying?
                    Do you understand what I expect
                    from you?The staff exchange uncertain glances.WisDOMTWIST ARMS! CRACK HEADS! BREAK THEFUCKIN' LAW! BUT DON'T LET THISHAPPEN!He has blown them wide-eyed.WISDOM(suddenly calm)
                    Are there any questions?INT. WISDOM'S apartment - NIGHTFerris and Wisdom are in night gear, getting ready for bed.
          She sees that he's disheartened.FERRISYou know you're very sexy when
                    you're ruthless.WISDOMWe're groping in the dark.FERRISMy guy's got a flashlight. We just
                    need to bring him in.Wisdom doesn't have the energy to fight her any more.WISDOMI'll see if Baines can spare some
                    manpower.She's gracious in victory.FERRIs
                    You're all the manpower I need.51.INT. Liz's house - bedroom - morningHead on pillow, Liz buds from sleep. Reaches out. Cris is
          gone. Her eyes open, fearful.INT. LIZ'S KITCHEN - MORNINGShe rushes in, looking for Cris. - He's not there.She hears CLANKING from the laundry room.On the floor, Cris sits next to the heater, which lies in
          pieces. He tries to adjust the remaining apparatus.LIZWhat the hell are you doing?CRISYou said it was broken.LIZWell, you're not leaving till it's
                    fixed, I'll tell you that.He smiles archly.crIS
                    I'm afraid that could take a while.Now she understands his strategy.LIZAs long as it's done right.INT. HOMELAND SECURITY - workshop - DAYFerris enters the area where weapons are stored and where
          mechanics build whatever the department needs. She interrupts
          Baines as he gives instructions to some MP's. These are his
          guys who get priority over the civilian Protective Service
          Police.FeRRIS
                    Did Wisdom talk to you?BaiNES
                        (grudging)
                    What do you need?FERRISThis one first.52.She hands him a sketch. He studies it, perplexed.BAINESWhat is it?FERRISA trap for somebody who can see the
                    future.BAINESIf you say so.FERRISAnd then these.She hands him more sketches.INT. Liz's fifth grade class - DAYLiz stands before a map of the Native American tribes of the
          Lake Tahoe region.LIZAnd what was the main staple of
                    their diet?SMARTIE PANTS busts a button to get called on. Instead, Liz
          points to a SHY GIRL.shy girl
                    Trout.LIZFrom the lake?SHY GIRLNo. From the rivers.LIZRight. And the Washo were so
                    jealous of their fishing grounds
                    that when other Native Americans
                    came to trade for dried fish, they
                    were only permitted to remain one
                    night.Liz notices that her students are distracted and giggling.
          She turns to see Cris standing in the doorway, holding a box.
          Embarrassed, she blushes.LIz
                    I'll be right back.53.Liz pulls Cris into the hall, out of sight of the kids.LIZWhat are you doing here?CrIS
                        (beaming)
                    I brought ice cream sandwiches for
                    everybody.LIZIce cream sandwiches? Do you have
                    any idea how much fat they have in
                    them? Don't you see how overweight
                    half of them are?CRIS(crestfallen)
                    I - I didn't think of it. - I
                    thought you'd be happy to see me.LIZWell next time exercise a little
                    forethought, okay?He's speechless.CRISDo you want me to leave these
                    somewhere?LIZNo.CRISAll right then. I'll just go.Seeing his doleful expression, Liz can't help smiling. She
          glances up and down the hall, then kisses him lasciviously on
          the lips.LIZPut a few in the freezer. I love
                    ice cream sandwiches.With a mischievous grin, she ducks back into class, leaving
          Cris reeling, but exhilarated.54.int. CHINESE RESTAURANT - NIGHTLiz and Cris stuff their mouths with lo mein. She sets down
          her chopsticks, picks up a red pencil and industriously
          resumes marking up a stack of papers.LIZYou have been such a bad influence.
                    I'm gonna be up all night grading
                    papers.Cris watches, bored.CRISI've got a better idea. Run away
                    with me to the South Pacific.LIZFunny. We've only known each other
                    a week.CRISBut we're going to be happy
                    together for the rest of our lives.
                    Really, I peeked.She picks up the chopsticks and takes another bite.LIZI think you're serious.CRISDeadly.She muses, tempted.CRISLet's go pack your bags. We'll
                    leave tonight.LIZAnd what'll we do for money?CRISDon't worry. That's always been
                    easy for me.She gets lost in the fantasy. He can almost taste the
          fulfilmment of his dreams.LIZThis is ridiculous.55.CRISWhy?LIZWell, first of all, it's the middle
                    of the school year.CRISThey'll replace you.LIZAnd I'm in charge of science fair.CRISThey can pick up the slack.His unbridled enthusiasm brings out her inner adult.LIZIt disturbs me, Cris, that you
                    think it's okay just to duck your
                    responsibilities.He's taken aback by her sudden shift.CRISI - I don't think it's okay. I'm
                    not that kind of person. But I
                    have this feeling, this very strong
                    feeling, that it has to be now. We
                    have to leave soon, or it's not
                    gonna work out.LIZI don't believe that. If it's meant
                    to be between two people, somehow
                    it'll happen.CRISYes, but sometimes you have to make
                    it happen. You have to seize the
                    opportunity before it's too late.He tries to keep his desperation from showing, but she sees
          right through him.LIZWhat are you afraid of, Cris? Why
                    are you running away from yourself?(MORE)56.LIZ (cont'd)
                    Whatever it is you're looking for,
                    I don't think you're going to find
                    it on some island, cut off from the
                    rest of the world.He adores her more than ever, and fears losing her even more.CRISYour students are very lucky.She puts her hand on his.LIZNow I've got to grade papers.Ext. Church - DAYLiz and Cris file by the PASTOR after the service and mill
          about on the lawn with the other congregants. Kids release
          pent up energy in the adjacent park.Randy approaches Cris.Randy
                    A religious fella, are you? Ready
                    to turn the other jaw?Cris offers his profile for hitting.CRISBut then you have to sign the
                    divorce papers.LiZ
                    Randy, don't you dare.She drags Cris towards a YOUNG COUPLE WITH KIDS.Liz
                    Paul, Janice. Have you met Cris?RANDYapproaches RICK, a young LOCAL POLICEMAN who's not the
          sharpest knife in the drawer.Randy
                    There's something weird about that
                    jerk. Have you checked him out?Policeman RICK
                    I'm not dragging the Law into your
                    romantic squabbles, Randy.57.Randy
                    C'mon, Rick, help me out here.Ext. church - DAYPaul and Janice are chatting with Cris and Liz.Paul
                    Cris, are you free on Tuesday?
                    Cause I'd like you to be my guest
                    at the Rotary luncheon.Janice
                    I'm the first female member.Cris grows distracted. Out the corner of his eye, he sees a
          SPORTS CAR gunning it down the street, passing a SUNDAY
          DRIVER to beat a red light. At that moment, a kid misses a
          catch and a BASEBALL rolls into a street, where a twenty-ish
          WOMAN JOGGER runs over to get it, just as the sports car
          passes the Sunday driver, sees the jogger, and skids, forcing
          A BUS to swerve and plow into a GROUP OF PEOPLE standing at
          the corner.SNAPBACK TO:A FEW SECONDS EARLIERPaul
                    Cris, are you free on Tuesday?
                    Cause I'd like you to be my guest
                    at the Rotary luncheon.Janice
                    I'm the first female member.Cris is spaced out.LIZCris.Ignoring them, Cris turns toward the street where he saw the
          accident take place. He sees kids, but they're jumping rope.
          Wrong group. He scans around and finds the kids who are
          playing softball. Someone misses a catch. The ball rolls
          toward the street. The sports car is now coming fast. The
          woman jogger sees the errant ball and runs to fetch it.CrIS
                    Miss! Lady! Don't!58.She's wearing earbuds and can't hear him. He's too far away
          to grab her. He's closer to the approaching sports car. Cris
          picks up a rock, prepares to throw, hesitates a beat,
          squints....He throws. Misses. Snapback. Throws. Misses. Snapback. Again.
          Again. Scores a hit. Snapback. Opens his eyes and hurls the
          stone.Liz and the bystanders watch, appalled, as the rock SHATTERS
          the driver side window of the sportscar, which instead of
          skidding, screeches to a halt. The bus drives by without
          incident, injuring no one.The Driver of the sportscar bursts from his car and furiously
          charges Cris.CrIS
                    I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'll pay for
                    the damages.The Driver curses Cris and tries to grab and hit him. But
          Cris deftly deflects the blows so that they seem harmless.CRISI said I'll pay.Realizing he can't land a punch, the Driver changes tack.DRIVERYou're damn right you'll pay! I
                    wanna talk to the cops.CRISNo need for that. I'll give you
                    cash. Okay? Will you take cash?He pulls out his wallet.CriS
                    Two thousand? That should cover it.DRIVERMake it three.CRISOkay, three.He digs in his pocket and pulls out the stack of hundreds.59.ON RANDY and POLICEMAN RICKWho have seen the whole incident.POLICEMAN riCK
                    I'll run him through the computer.ext. Park - a minute laterAway from the crowd. Liz, concerned and alienated, walks a
          step to the side of Cris.criS
                    People shouldn't drive that fast
                    around kids. They shouldn't get
                    away with it.LIZSo you throw rocks at them?CRISWhat do you want me to do? Wait for
                    people to die?Liz is torn.LIZCris...I think you should move on.
                    Today.Cris looks at her, almost bereft, and makes a tough decision.CRISLook, there's something I've been
                    wanting to tell you.LIZIt doesn't matter.CRISIt does.She's afraid to hear it. He's afraid to say it.ext. another church - DAYCavanaugh is milling around after services when his cell
          phone chirps. He answers, peeved.60.CaVANAUGH
                    Cavanaugh...No, you were right to
                    call...Ring Ferris and have her
                    meet me there.He closes his cell phone. Turns to his WIFE.CaVANAUGH
                    They've located him near Tahoe.CaVANAUGH's wife
                    If you let him get away again, you
                    may not have a job.CAVANAUGHI know.Cavanaugh takes his leave.EXT. PARK - DAYLiz reacts to Cris' confession with disbelief.LIZWhat are you saying, you're some
                    sort of prophet?CRISIt's not religious. I just happen
                    to see my life before it happens.LIZCris, it's sweet that you feel
                    responsible for people. But I think
                    you need help.She looks down.LiZ
                    And I'm...I'm not the one to help
                    you, right now. I've got too much
                    going on in my own life.Cris can't let her go. He takes a quarter from his pocket and
          hands it to Liz.CRISFlip it.LIZWhy?61.CRISJust do it.She takes the quarter and flips it. Cris calls it in the air.CRISHeads.She looks. It's heads.CRISFlip it again.
                        (calls it in the air)
                    Tails.Tails it is, but so what. She flips again.CRISTails.
                        (she looks;flips again)
                    Heads.
                        (she looks, flips again)
                    Tails.She looks. Amazed. Disturbed.CRISNow you believe me?She stares at him like he's the devil.LIZYeah. And I don't want to have
                    anything to do with you.She walks away.CRISLiz.
                        (follows)
                    Don't you see? I can get us all the
                    money we need.She turns abruptly.LIZDon't follow me. Don't talk to me.
                    Get out of my life!She walks on, leaving Cris bereft.SNAPBACK TO:62.WALKING IN THE PARK - fiVE MINUTES AGOCris
                    What do you want me to do? Wait for
                    people to die?LIZCris...I think you should move on.
                    Today.Cris squints, then chooses his words carefully.CRISWhy? Because I care so much about
                    kids that sometimes I overreact?His words hit the bull's-eye. Liz's whole demeanor softens.
          Although still troubled, she takes his arm, and they walk on.ANOTHER ANGLE - BINOCULAR MASKferris (o.s.)
                    Who's the woman?Ext. Hillside overlooking park - DAYFerris, Cavanaugh, and Policeman Rick are each looking
          through a pair of binoculars.POLICEMAN rick
                    Liz Cooper. Nice girl, but very
                    erratic.cAVANAUGH
                    Think she'll cooperate?POLICEMAN RICKHard to say. She's impossible to
                    control.Ferris
                    Sounds like you've tried.POLICEMAN RICKShe's quite a challenge.EXT. PARK - daYLiz and Cris, still walking, holding hands.LIZI swear, I can't figure you out.63.CRISBelieve me, the feeling is mutual.LIZSometimes you seem mindlessly
                    impulsive. But other times I feel
                    like you're utterly calculating,
                    saying exactly what you think'll
                    push my buttons.CRISWhat do you mean?LIZDon't you think it's kind of an
                    amazing coincidence that neither of
                    us can have kids?CRISYou want to talk to my doctor? I'll
                    get him on the phone. No, really, I
                    mean it. I'll have him send you my
                    records. Because I want you to
                    trust me.He seems so sincere that she dismisses her concerns.LIZThen open up. Talk to me. Where are
                    you going with your life?Cris seems unprepared for the question.crIS
                    Wherever it takes me.LiZ
                    You never think about the future?CRISAll the time. - But mainly how to
                    stay out of trouble.LIZNo goals? Dreams? Ambitions?CRISThere's only one thing I've ever
                    wanted.LIZWhat's that?64.CRISA family.She seems disappointed.LIZThat's all? Just a family?CRISWell, I was, as they say, left on a
                    doorstep when I was two.
                        (makes light of it)
                    Never found foster parents who
                    could put up with me. - So to me, a
                    family sounds like plenty.That certainly pressed her buttons again.LIZYou've got to be making this up.CRISI wish.She rests her head on his shoulder.LIZYou poor guy.Ext. Hillside overlooking park - DAYStill watching Cris and Liz as the couple get into her car.CAVANAUGHI say we get the whole department
                    up here and bust his ass.Ferris
                    And by that time, his ass'll be
                    long gone.CAVANAUGHThen why won't he see through your
                    trap?Ferris takes a deep breath.Ferris
                    Let's try this one more time.65.ext. old SHOPPING CENTER - daYGrocery, drug store, hardware, gas station. Liz and Cris get
          out of her Jeep. He heads for the grocery store.LIZI'll meet you inside. I need to
                    pick something up at the drug
                    store.They split up.Ext. Across the street - unmarked car - DAYFerris, Cavanaugh, and Policeman Rick watch the couple go
          their separate ways. Ferris gets out.FERRISStay in the car. If he sees your
                    shadow, he won't take the bait.CaVANAUGH
                    We hear you.Ferris
                    I'm serious. This guy can smell
                    your farts before you even eat the
                    beans.rick
                    Miss, I won't even think about
                    beans.Ferris gets out of the car. Cavanaugh and Rick stay put.Rick
                    Sounds like a crock to me.CAVANAUGHYou haven't been chasing him for
                    three years.INT. DrugSTORE - DAYLiz is in the female department, trying to choose between
          various brands when Ferris approaches.Ferris
                    Miss Cooper.LIZYes?66.FERRISAgent Ferris.Ferris shows her badge. Homeland Security. Liz, frightened,
          is ready to listen.INT. Drug store - dAYFerris and Liz huddle in a quiet corner. Liz is in shock from
          what she has just heard.LIZHe's not a killer. He needs help.Ferris
                    I agree. But he has a long history
                    of resisting arrest, and the state
                    wants to hunt him down with fifty
                    trigger-happy cops.LIZ(aghast)
                    You're not gonna let them.FERRISThat's why I came to you.LIZOkay, I'll talk to him. I'll try to
                    get him to...Ferris shakes her head lamentably.FERRISEven his best friend says he'll
                    never turn himself in. - At this
                    stage, there's only one way to keep
                    him from self-destructing.Liz knows she's facing an agonizing decision.EXT. GROCERY STORE PARKING LOT - DAYCris waits impatiently by her Jeep. Liz finally approaches,
          carrying a couple of heavy bags filled with wine and booze.crIS
                    What took so long?LIZI ran into a friend I hadn't seen
                    in a while.67.Liz holds out a single key on a ring.LIZShe said we could use her cabin up
                    at the peak.ACROSS THE STREETFerris rejoins Cavanaugh and Ferris in Rick's car.caVANAUGH
                    Did you tell her about the future
                    thing?Ferris
                    Of course not. I wanted her to
                    believe me. - But I loaded her up
                    with liquor, to dim his headlights.Ext. Mountain road - DAYLiz's Jeep grinds up a steep, winding road, past a sign that
          says "State Line."She turns onto a dirt driveway that leads to a cabin and a
          glorious panorama.CRISGod, this is gorgeous.Inspired, he kisses her, but she's distant.CRISWhat's wrong?She smiles wanly, then gives him a peck.LIZNothing.She hops out of the truck.Ext. STAKEOUT SITE across the CANYON - DAYCavanaugh and Rick look through binoculars. Ferris peers
          through a telescope on a tripod. Baines approaches with a
          half dozen tech and construction guys.68.baines
                    Okay, when you press the remote,
                    the cabin will lock down like a big
                    jail cell.FERRISBut silently, right?BAINESUnnoticeably.CAVANAUGHAnd that's when we go in.Ferris rolls her eyes with exasperation.Ferris
                    You still don't get it.
                        (tries to be patient)
                    This has to be clear to your whole
                    army.
                        (to Baines)
                    And yours. -- After she comes out
                    and we lock down the cabin...We
                    don't do anything. We wait.Policeman RICK
                    But if he's already trapped...?FERRISGentlemen, try to think like him. -
                    If the plan is to go in right after
                    he's trapped, he'll see it coming
                    and he'll slip away before he's
                    trapped...
                        (to Cavanaugh)
                    Like he's always done.cavANAUGH
                    How does your plan change anything?baines
                    At least he won't hear it when the
                    trap closes.FERRISAnd if he doesn't know he's
                    trapped, he can't foresee knowing
                    he's trapped.CAVANAUGHThat kinda makes sense.69.FERRISThe eureka moment is when he
                    realizes he's been trapped.CAVANAUGHWhen is that?ferriS
                    That's the point. We want to delay
                    "eureka" for as long as possible.
                    So by the time he sees trouble and
                    decides to waltz away...baines
                        (finally gets it)
                    He's already been in the trap for
                    hours.FERRISVoila.Cavanaugh and Rick nod with a kind of awe.RICKYou're smart.Baines looks at her with new respect.INT. Cabin bathroom - sunsetLiz looks in the mirror, torn.INT. Cabin - parlor - sunsetCris is lighting a fire he has built. Liz drifts in, pensive.LIZCris. Do you think we met for a
                    reason?CRISYou mean, do I believe a higher
                    power brought us together?LIZYeah.CRISNo. I think we're just the last in
                    a long chain of accidents that
                    started with the Big Bang.70.LIZThat's not very romantic.CRISOh, but it is. Think of it: For us
                    to meet, everything from the very
                    beginning, every sub-atomic event,
                    every galactic cataclysm, every
                    step of evolution, every act, every
                    accident, every decision in the
                    history of the universe had to
                    happen exactly the way it did just
                    so you and I could be together,
                    right here and now.She is moved by his words, but they make her strangely sad.Cris pours two glasses of Scotch. Hands one to Liz.CRISTo whatever happens next.She doesn't drink.LIZI shouldn't.CRIS(concerned)
                    Why?LIZI'm late.CRISLate?LIZThat's why I went to the drug
                    store. To get a pregnancy test.Off his puzzlement, she hands him a small plastic tab.A SQUARE CROSS is coming into focus.He recognizes the image from the Donut Shop display case just
          before he met Liz for the first time.LIZYou know what this means?71.CRISI do now.They look at each other, equally perplexed.LIZHow did it...?CRISI have no idea. Unless...But that
                    still doesn't explain...She struggles to make sense of it.CRISLiz, I really did have this
                    problem. I wasn't lying to you.He can't read her reaction.CRISBut this is good. This is amazing.
                    I want this baby more than
                    anything.She looks at him, emotional.LIZIt's like a miracle.CRISFor both of us.She lets him hold her.EXT. AROUND THE MOUNTAIN - NIGHTState Troopers are camped out in two's and three's. Fifty of
          them. Plus Baines' SIX MP's, wearing different uniforms.INT. cabin - Bedroom - nightLiz and Cris in bed. Her head on his chest. This time he's
          the one sleeping while she lies awake.Ext. STAKEOUT SITE - NIGHTFerris and Baines sip coffee and wait. They find each other
          attractive.baines
                    Think she'll come through?72.Ferris shakes her head with certainty.FERRISWomen hate good-looking men.
                    Rejecting them makes us feel
                    powerful.Baines
                    And that's more important than
                    love?FERRISNo. But she doesn't really love
                    him.INT. cabin - Bedroom - nightLiz eases away from Cris, trying not to wake him. He
          stirs...but settles back into slumber. She slithers out of
          bed and tiptoes to the bathroom. Silently closes the door
          behind her.INT. Bathroom - nightLiz stands there in the dark, heart pounding. She sees that
          the window is open. She looks at it, deciding.INT. cabin - DAYThe morning sun on Cris' sleeping face. His foot slides in
          search of Liz. Not finding her, he opens his eyes. Checks the
          clock. 10:09 AM.CriS
                    Liz... Liz?No answer. He walks to the bedroom door.Locked. He tries to force it. Won't budge.Tries the window. Bars across it - that weren't there before.
          Shakes them. Solidly bolted. Looks outside. No one's around.
          He's about to shout, but stops himself.Runs into the bathroom. Bars over that window, too. As he
          stands there, trapped, Ferris steps into view outside.FERRISSurprise.Snapback TO:73.INT. Cabin - nightCris' eyes flash open in bed. Liz isn't there.He throws off the covers, pauses to scan ahead -- then rushes
          straight to the bathroom and throws open the door.Liz is still there, in the dark, facing the open window.CRISYou lying bitch! You betrayed me!She darts for the window and starts to climb through. Cris
          pulls her back by her robe. She SCREAMS.Bars slide silently into place over the bathroom window,
          locking them both in. BLINDING LIGHTS spike on throughout the
          forest, converging like javelins at that cabin.SnAPBACK TO:INT. Cabin: MOMENTS EARLIERCris throws open the bathroom door.Liz is still there, in the dark, facing the open window.
          Seeing the expression on his face, she darts for the window.
          This time, Cris doesn't move.CRIS(whispers)
                    Liz, please, I love you.She hesitates.CRISLet me talk to you for one minute.
                    I won't hurt you, I promise.She turns around, trembling.LIZCris, I know you don't mean to hurt
                    people. But you need help or you're
                    going to keep on hurting them.CRISThe man I killed was there to rob
                    the store. He was going to panic
                    and shoot five innocent people.74.LIZHow do you know this?CRISBecause I saw them die.LIZLike yesterday, with the car?CRISYes.LIZYou were afraid something bad might
                    happen so you...CRISNot "might"! Those people died! -
                    They just hadn't died yet.His certainty is almost convincing.LIZWhat if you hadn't done anything?
                    Have you ever waited to see what
                    would happen?CRISOnce.The trauma replays on his face.CRISThat's why I don't go out much. So
                    I won't be there to see.Liz doesn't know what to believe, but she feels for him.Ext. StAKEOUT SITE - NIGHTFerris, Cavanaugh, Baines, and Rick are watching through
          night-vision scopes.CAVANAUGHWhat's taking so long?BAINESWe could just do this the old-
                    fashioned way.75.INT. CabiN / bathroom - NIGHTLiz steps toward Cris.LIZCris, you're a good man. And I will
                    stand by you through this. But you
                    have to...CRISIf they catch me, they'll put me in
                    a cell without a trial, and they'll
                    never let me out. They do that, you
                    know.LIZI won't let it happen. I'll get you
                    a lawyer.Suddenly distracted, Cris squints with that faraway gaze.LIZCris...Cris.He snaps out of it.CRISThere's one decent path.
                        (fixes her gaze)
                    But if we're gonna stay on it, I
                    need you to do exactly what I say.How can she listen to this madman?CRISWill you give me one chance? One
                    chance in exchange for a miracle?STAKEOUT SITEFerris, Cavanaugh, Baines, and Rick are getting worried.caVANAUGH
                    We can't wait any longer. We've got
                    to go in.Ferris looks at Baines, who doesn't encourage her.FERRISOkay. Wait for my signal.76.INT. cabin - bathroom - nightLiz listens, dubious, as Cris crouches beneath the window
          sill, scribbling a note on a scrap of paper.CRISA few steps on, your robe will get
                    caught on a thornbush. You won't be
                    able to get unstuck. Ferris and a
                    tough guy will come help you.
                    She'll say, "You've done your
                    country a great service."LIZAnd then?CRISBe unpredictable. Surprise works to
                    my advantage. - And read this when
                    you're safe.He tucks the note into her robe pocket.LIZWill I see you again?CRISBet on it.She gathers her courage and steps to the open window.StakEOUT SITEEveryone is coiled, waiting for Ferris to give the word.
          Cavanaugh is on the radio with his men, ready to pass it on.Ferris takes a last look through the nightvision binoculars.
          That's when Liz climbs awkwardly out of the bathroom window
          in her bathrobe.Ferris
                    She's coming now.
                        (to Cavanaugh)
                    We stay put. Tell them.CAVANAUGH(disappointed, via radio)
                    We stand pat till notified. Don't
                    make a sound.When Liz is out of the cabin, Ferris activates the remote
          control.77.ALL AROUND THE CABINDoors lock and bars slide into place almost inaudibly.StakEOUT SITEFerris shines a flashlight toward Liz, on off. She heads in
          the general direction of the light, but stops BEHIND A THICK-
          TRUNKED OAK TREE, which blocks her from their view.BEHIND THE OAK treeCris backs out from under Liz's robe.StakEOUT SITEFerris, Cavanaugh, Baines, and Rick shine their flashlights
          on the oak tree, waiting for Liz to reappear.FERRISWhat's she waiting for?Liz steps into view from behind the oak tree. Ferris shines
          the light towards her again. She heads straight toward them.ON LIZAs predicted, the hem of her robe gets caught in the thorns.
          She tries to pull free, but she's stuck.StakEOUT SITEFerris and Baines wade into the thicket to extricate her.Among the thornsFerris and Baines reach Liz.Ferris
                    You've done your country a great
                    service.The predicted words hit her hard.LIZThen why do I feel like a traitor?Ferris and Baines free her and lead her up the hill.BEHIND THE OAK TREE78.Cris scurries away, using the sound of their rustling to
          cover his escape.ext. Forest - nightCris scurries near a trio of STATE TROOPERS. He steps on a
          twig which SNAPS loudly. PAN BACK to find a SECOND CRIS
          approaching down the same path. Cris 1 dissolves as Cris 2
          steps around the twig and continues undetected.A few steps on, Cris 2 slips on mud and slides noisily down a
          slope. PAN BACK to find CRIS 3, who detours onto stepping
          stones then rejoins the original path, undetected.STAKEOUT SITEBaines and Ferris help Liz back to their camp.Ferris
                    Rick, get her some coffee.Liz pulls the note from her robe pocket and reads Cris'
          handwriting: "Then why do I feel like a traitor?"CAVANAUGH(relays a message)
                    We've got movement in the canyon.
                        (to radio)
                    Where are you?A flashlight shines up at Cavanaugh from the canyon.Ferris and Baines scan their infra-red scopes at the area.FERRIS' INFRARED POV:A hot human shape hurries over rough terrain with stealthy
          urgency.BACK TO SCENEFerris and Baines looking through their scopes.bAINES
                    She told him.CAVANAUGHWe tried it your way.Ferris
                    Go for it. But I want him alive.79.Cavanaugh picks up the radio with evident satisfaction.CAVANAUGHBoys, now it's our turn.FIFTY SEARCHLIGHTS BLAZE ON and stab through the forest.FERRISI want him alive. Tell them.CaVANAUGH
                         (afterthought, to radio)
                     And the Feds want him alive.Ferris urgently takes Baines aside.Ferris
                     We need to get to him first.TROOPERSSpread out through the steep terrain. SEARCHLIGHT BEAMS sweep
          over the landscape.CRISmoves erratically, presciently, in bursts, dodging the
          streaking spots of glare.StakEOUT SITELiz is drinking coffee next to Rick's police car. Ferris
          approaches, coldly knowing.FERRISYou've made a very stupid mistake.LIZI trust him more than I trust you.Ferris
                     I wouldn't swallow the "I love you"
                     part.LIZYou've never even met him.FERRISBut I've profiled him for months.
                     And I can tell you this: he doesn't
                     love anybody. How could he? To him,
                     we're not even human.(MORE)80.FERRIS (cont'd)
                    We're the characters in a
                    videogame, and he's the player with
                    the joystick. We say our lines, and
                    he practices his moves until we do
                    what he wants.IN THE FORESTCris on foot, running over rough terrain. State Troopers
          converging. Searchlight beams crisscrossing.A cone of light passes over Cris. Comes back. Finds him.Trooper
                    There! I got him!He finds himself face to face with two Troopers, guns aimed
          straight at him.TrooPER 1
                    Stop!Cris tumbles, draws fire, serpentines through the woods,
          feinting, freezing, unhittable - moving closer.troOPER 2
                    Take better aim!TROOPER 1I'm trying!Cris is within fighting distance. Chop to an arm. Punch to
          diaphragm. Cris is now holding Trooper 1's SIX-SHOT REVOLVER.Trooper 1 runs. Cris does not fire after him. Instead, he
          takes aim at a searchlight at a great distance. Squints. Then
          fires and scores a direct hit with the first shot.Turns to a second search light. Squints. Squeezes off a
          second shot. The lamp shatters.ext. Stakeout site - nightBaines and Ferris watch as, around the mountain, gunshots
          sound and searchlights go dark.baines
                    You might be right about this guy.FERRIS(shakes her head)
                    I underestimated him.81.The searchlight next to her shatters.FERRISBy a lot.THE HUNTCris gets pinned down behind a tree. A Trooper keeps firing,
          trying to drive him from hiding. Cris boldly comes out from
          cover and runs, giving the Trooper a clear shot. But the
          Trooper runs out of ammo at just that moment.Trooper
                     Shit!StakEOUT SITEWatching through binoculars, speaking into radio.ferriS
                     Be thorough, gentlemen. If you
                     leave a way out, he'll find it.ELSEWHERE IN FORESTBaines' well-trained MP's have set up a triangulated trap.
          They operate like skilled Special Forces commandos. One of
          them signals, fingers to eyes, that he has spotted Cris. Cris
          enters a clearing and continues straight into the trap! The
          TEAM LEADER prepares to give the signal to shoot.Cris' movement flushes a STAG from the hiding. It knocks over
          one MP and causes another to miss his shot. The Leader sees
          the stag and scans around for Cris. CAMERA repositions to
          reveal that the stag now stands between Cris and the Leader.
          The Leader shoots the stag, killing him, but not before Cris
          dashes to cover in another stand of trees.Two MP's fire at Cris. But shoot each other.TEAM leader
                         (to radio)
                     I've got two men down. Friendly
                     fire.Stakeout siteFerris, discouraged, comes to a tough decision.FERRIS(to radio and Baines)
                     Change of plans, everybody.(MORE)82.FERRIS (cont'd)
                    Try to kill him. Use everything
                    you've got.CAVANAUGH (o.c.)
                    Is this a joke?FERRISNo, it's an order.BaiNES
                    Don't get emotional here.She wants Baines to understand.FERRISThere's only one way to beat this
                    man. He's got to see his own death,
                    and not just maybe. He's got to see
                    himself die again and again and
                    know it's inescapable. And then,
                    maybe, he'll surrender.bAINES
                    And if he doesn't?FERRISThat'll be his choice. And he was
                    no use to us anyway.IN THE FORESTCris is suddenly the target of a turkey shoot. He hops around
          like a mountain goat while bullets CHING off rocks and
          SPLINTER trees. He stays alive, but only by a hair's breadth.Cris finds himself pinned down by Four Troopers. He rushes
          Trooper One, who fires, and hits Cris solidly in the chest.Snapback TO:Cris rushes the position of Trooper Two. Before he gets
          there, Cris gets shot in the gut.SNAPBACK TO:Cris rushes the Third Trooper, who hesitates, frightened,
          then shoots -- and misses. Cris charges up to him, knocks his
          shooting arm away, takes his weapon, uses him a shield, then
          fires at a Fourth Trooper as he charges out from the trees.
          It's Cavanaugh, now covered in blood.SnaPBACK TO:83.Cris uses Trooper Three as a shield, but when Cavanaugh comes
          charging from the trees, Cris DOESN'T FIRE. Instead he shoves
          Trooper Three at Cavanaugh, sending them both tumbling down a
          slope.StakEOUT SITEAnother setback.BAINESDamn. Fifty men might not be
                    enough.FERRISSomehow we've got to bring him down
                    to our level.BaINES
                    Got any ideas?FERRISI'm workin' on it.IN THE FORESTCris crosses a ridge that leads him into steep ravine. He
          can't get back up.StakEOUT SITEBaines and Ferris listen to the police band. Liz stands
          nearby. She can hear the patter.BAINESHe's crossed over into Maxwell
                    Gorge.FERRISMove in fast. Keep him moving.
                    Don't let him rest.Then it hits her.FERRISDon't give him time to look ahead.
                    That's the key.84.EXT. MAXWELL GORGE - NIGHTSlowly making his way through the steep redwood-covered
          slopes, Cris hears a NOISE. Looks up. Sees a STATE POLICE SUV
          CRASHING down the cliff across the Gorge.SNAPBACK TO:MAXWELL GORGE - NOWCris, catching his breath against a redwood, opens his eyes
          and looks back toward his approaching pursuers. He looks
          around the gorge, searching for the cliff where he FORESAW
          the SUV come crashing down. He recognizes the rock formations
          across the gorge. He heads in that direction. PAN UP and we
          see that the cliff is directly under the...StakEOUT SITEBaines steps closer to the edge and looks down.BAINESHe's heading this way.Ferris, suddenly confident, shouts into the radio.feRRIS
                    Cavanaugh! We've got a fox hunt
                    going in Maxwell Gorge, right
                    beneath the stakeout. Throw
                    everybody into it! We need to
                    overload him!Liz looks around for some way to help. She spots the State
          Police SUV that we saw crashing down the hillside. She
          sidles toward it.MAXWELL GORGEThirty Troopers and Six MP's are converging on Cris.FerrIS (o.c.)
                    Gentlemen, if he surrenders, fine,
                    cuff him. But if he even shivers,
                    shoot to kill.StakEOUT SITELiz opens the door of the SUV, shifts into neutral, and
          starts pushing. - It's too heavy to budge.85.MAXWELL GORGECris moves toward a field of LARGE BOULDERS.StakEOUT SITESlowly, with great effort, Liz gets the SUV to inch forward.MAXWELL GORGETroopers and MP's are closing in on Cris.CaVANAUGH
                        (megaphone)
                    Lie down on your stomach, hands
                    behind your head! You've got ten
                    seconds. Ten seconds and we shoot.Cris climbs in among the large boulders, glances up, and
          waits for the future to happen.StakEOUT SITELiz gets the SUV onto a slight downslope, and it picks up
          speed.Baines and Ferris see the SUV rumbling straight toward them.
          They dive out of the way as the SUV plunges over the ledge.MAXWELL GORGETroopers and MP's are advancing toward Cris, about to open
          fire.CAVANAUGHThis is your last warning.Thirty Troopers and MP's have their fingers on the trigger
          when the SUV sails over the ledge and plummets straight down
          towards them. Cris crouches down among the boulders just as
          the SUV crashes on top of him, then tumbles toward his
          hunters, who scatter.Cris makes a run for it just as the SUV explodes in a
          fireball.STAKEOUT SITEFerris and Baines watch the events below.fERRIS
                    Keep after him! Quick! Stay on him!86.While they are distracted, Liz climbs into the front seat of
          RICK'S POLICE CRUISER, cranks it up, slams into reverse,
          spins, and takes off down the road.baines
                    What the...?LIZfishtails down the twisting mountain road.MAXWELL GORGECris practically mud-skis down the slope.Troopers and MP's hurtle after him.At the bottom, Cris is carried by momentum onto the CREEKSIDEROAD...Into the path of A POLICE CAR that comes careening around a
          curve!Liz at the wheel. She swerves and slams on the brakes,
          skidding and screeching to a halt.Troopers and MP's slalom onto the road from the incline and
          rush after Cris.Cris makes it to the car. Driver's side.CRISBelieve me now?He climbs in and guns it.LIZI'm getting used to miracles.Three MP's grab onto the car's mirrors and door handles. Cris
          weaves violently until they lose their grip and fly off.In Rick's Police Cruiser - dawnLiz and Cris grin at each other.CRISWhere were you going?LIZNo idea. I was just trying to be
                    unpredictable.87.STAKEOUT SITE - dawnFerris urgently unrolls a road map and studies it.In Rick's Police Cruiser - dawnCris speeds down the treacherous curves.LIZSo what's the plan? Bonnie and
                    Clyde?CrIS
                    Remember that place in the South
                    Pacific?LIZIt's starting to sound really good.He pulls out his cell phone.CRISI'll check on our ride.INT. LAS VEGAS PENTHOUSE - daWNNEAL, a 60-ish tycoon with silvery hair, finishes packing an
          expensive suitcase. A high-maintenance SHOWGIRL puts the
          finishing touches on her make-up in his marble bathroom.
          Somebody's cell-phone plays the theme from "Peter Gunn." Pan
          across eight large suitcases, his and hers, ready to go, and
          find Guy on the sofa, watching CNBC financial news. He
          reaches into a coat pocket and flips open his handset.Guy
                    Yeah...Guy signals Neal. This is the call they were expecting.Guy
                    No, the jet's not sold...I'm here
                    with him now...Of course, he's
                    pissed...I can ask.With a smirk of triumph, he turns to Neal.Guy
                    He wants to know how soon the jet
                    can be ready.Neal conceals his evident satisfaction.88.Neal
                    I'll wait until eight o'clock. But
                    if he's not there, I'm taking off
                    without him.INT. Rick's Police Cruiser - dawnCris, driving fast on the treacherous winding road, closes
          his cell phone.cRIS
                    It's arranged. But we have to get
                    to the North Vegas airport by
                    eight.LIZWill we make it?He concentrates as he screeches around a curve.CRISRight now I'm just trying to stay
                    alive.They hit a patch of ice. Skid wildly.MOUNTAIN ROADRick's Police Cruiser swings over the side and tumbles down a
          steep slope. There will be no survivors.Hold on curve.Rick's Police Cruiser speeds into view AGAIN!?? But this
          time, Cris steers around the ice patch, skids dangerously,
          almost goes over the side, but continues safely downhill.Rick's Police CruiserLiz, palpitating, tries to catch her breath.LIZChrist, you live dangerously.CRISJust the opposite. I never take
                    chances.89.MOUNTAIN ROAD - PREVIOUS CURVECavanaugh's Car speeds into view, skids on the same patch of
          ice and skates over the side of the road, as Cris did, the
          first time.There will be no survivors. And no second chances.STAKEOUT SITEAs a Federal Chopper idles, Ferris marks up a ROAD MAP of the
          area with X's.FERRIS(to radio)
                    Cavanaugh, get all your men into
                    town.
                        (waits)
                    Cavanaugh? Tell them.Baines approaches.BaINES
                    He's dead. Crashed.Ferris winces, then moves on like a general in battle.FERRISYou take command of the chase.
                        (hands him the map)
                    Have cars block these intersection.She heads over to the copter.BAINESWhy these?FERRISGet in the chopper.He follows her inside, and the copter takes off.MOUNTAIN ROADCris takes blind curves at high speed.CRISDid the doctors ever say why you
                    couldn't have kids?LIZI grew up at Love Canal.90.CRISWhat's that?LIZA neighborhood back East built over
                    a chemical dump. A bunch of my
                    friends had birth defects.
                        (looks back)
                    I always figured I was lucky just
                    to be sterile.CRISExcept you're not. And neither am
                    I. We're different, that's all. We
                    just had to find the right match.A look between them.LIZAnd somehow we did.They approach the entrance to the town.EXT. hendersonville - DAWNPolice vehicles converge on the area, systematically blocking
          the intersections that Ferris indicated.Rick's Police CruiserCris threads his way through town, zigging and zagging down
          streets and alleys.FROM THE HELICOPTERFerris sees Cris maneuvering perfectly through the maze,
          avoiding imminent traps and confrontation.BAINES(discouraged)
                    He doesn't miss a beat.FERRIS(pleased, to herself)
                    Come to momma.Cris dodges another trap.91.FERRIS(to radio)
                    Stay after him. Keep the pressure
                    on.The bypassed police cars chase after Rick's stolen Cruiser,
          which leaves town on a street that merges with a WINDY NARROWCANYONSIDE ROAD.BAINES(incredulous)
                    He's driving right into it...Up ahead, beyond a blind curve, the road leads to a ONE-LANE
          BRIDGE over a DEEP CHASM with RAGING RAPIDS at the bottom.BAINESSometimes looking one step ahead
                    isn't enough.On the FAR SIDE OF THE BRIDGE, out of sight, beyond a curve,
          EIGHT STATE POLICE CARS form a barricade across the road.INT. Rick's Police Cruiser - DAYHaving escaped from town, Cris and Liz share a glimmer of
          relief.LIZYou make it look easy.Cris' expression darkens.CRISOh shit. Oh no.Liz
                    What is it?CRISI blew it.They round a curve and the NARROW BRIDGE comes into view.FAR SIDE OF BRIDGEBehind the barricade, Ferris' helicopter comes in for a
          landing.92.INT. Rick's Police Cruiser - DAYCris checks his rearview mirror. A six-pack of cop cars are
          right behind him. To his left, a steep rock wall. To his
          right, a vertical drop-off into the canyon.Cris drives on, the blood draining from his face.FAR SIDE OF THE BRIDGEFerris strides across the span, Baines in her wake. Arriving
          at the barricade, she approaches the biggest state police
          car, a HUMMER -- and flashes her badge.FERRISI need your vehicle.She walks through the Trooper and gets into his Hummer.BAINESWhat's the plan?FERRISPlaying chicken.BAINESDon't be stupid! He knows what
                       you'll do!FERRISBut so do I. And for once, that
                       makes us even.She starts up the Hummer. It roars.THE BRIDGECris slams on the brakes. Stops the car. Police cars stop
          behind him, blocking retreat.CRISGET OUT! NOW! OR YOU'LL DIE!She hustles out.LiZ
                       What's going to happen?cris
                       We'll find out.A quick look good-bye and he drives on.93.HUMMERFerris gathers her determination and floors it.ON THE BRIDGEA game of chicken with a difference.ON CRISSquinting.CRIS' VISIONS:Fast forward to the HEAD ON COLLISION! Then a COLLAGE of
          ALTERNATE CHOICES AND OUTCOMES: Cris swerves; slams on the
          brakes; gets shot making a run for the rail; spins out on the
          roadbed; crashes over the side, over the side, over the side!
          But in every version, the Hummer is unchanging. Unrelenting.
          Dead on.THE BRIDGE - NOWThey're speeding closer.FERRISTotal focus. No doubts or decisions.CRIS' VISIONS: FAST, QUICK, CONDENSEDThe falling car crashes onto the canyon wall, tumbles
          downhill, explodes; falls again, this time crashing directly
          onto boulders at the bottom...ON CRISHe drives toward a specific segment of railing between two
          light posts.THE BRIDGERick's Cruiser crashes through the railing and plunges over
          the side of the bridge.Liz runs to the rail and leans over the side, watching the
          Cruiser fall down, down, down through the narrow ravine.IN THE FALLING CARCris unbuckles his seat belt. Opens the door. Just before
          impact, he LEAPS OUT, away from the car.94.BOTTOM OF CANYONThe car smashes into boulders at the shallow side of the
          river. A moment later, Cris SPLASHES a few yards away in the
          deepest part of the rapids.ON THE BRIDGEFerris peers down into the canyon.IN THE RAPIDSCris bobs to the surface and is carried away by the fierce
          current. The smashed Cruiser also gets carried into the
          river. Fighting the current, Cris watches as the smashed
          police cruiser surges ahead of him - then disappears!Perplexed for a beat, he suddenly understands and desperately
          swims for a rock and clambers onto it.CAMERA pulls back to reveal that Cris is stuck in the middle
          of the river -- about five feet from where it drops off into
          a WATERFALL!A HELICOPTERflies over him.ON THE ROCKCris looks for a way out. Seeing none, he jumps!And is swallowed up in dark thunderous death.SnapBACK TO:CRISStill on the rock. Looks up and sees a cable being lowered
          from the helicopter. He looks around? Is there another way
          out? Out of choices, he reaches for the cable. Misses! Loses
          his balance. Flails. At the last second, he steadies himself.He wants to live.The cable dangles back into range.Cris grabs it.The cable is hooked to A PAIR OF HANDCUFFS.95.FERRISWatches through binoculars as Cris snaps one cuff around his
          wrist -- and waits. She shouts into her radio.FERRISCuffs on both wrists. Leave him if
                       he doesn't.BAINES IN HELICOPTERBaiNES
                       What can he do hanging by one arm?FERRISI don't want to find out.Baines speaks to Cris via loudspeaker.Baines
                       Both wrists!On the rockCris, defeated, attaches the second cuff to his other wrist.
          He is lifted up into the air, hanging by both arms.BridgeLiz sits, handcuffed, in the back of a second U.S. Government
          helicopter. Ferris approaches.FERRISI was wrong about one thing. He is
                       capable of love.HELICOPTERDescends, with Cris hanging below by a cable. MP's are
          waiting below with a tarp which they wrap around Cris, then
          tape him like a mummy, up to his neck. When he's bound as
          securely as Hannibal Lecter, Ferris steps close and gets her
          first good look at him.Ferris
                       Cris Johnson, we meet at last.CRISWhy does everybody have amnesia but
                       me?96.FERRISI only ask one thing from you. Give
                    me a chance to earn your trust.cris
                    I did, and you failed.She seems genuinely surprised.FERRISThen give me another chance. You
                    get `em all the time.She signals and Cris is dumped into the waiting helicopter.
          The door is slammed behind him.INT. helicopter - DAYInside, Cris is surprised to find himself alone with Liz. He
          edges closer so they can hear each other.CRISDon't let them know you're
                    pregnant.The helicopter takes off.CrIS
                    You don't have to raise him. But at
                    least let him be born. Can you do
                    that? It might be the only chance
                    either of us gets.LIZI promise.They gaze at each other with intense longing.LIZWork with them Cris. So we can be
                    together.He shakes his head, fatalistic.CRISI'll get us out of here. We can
                    still make the plane.She knows it's hopeless.97.Ext. HOMELAND SECURITY - VEGAS OFFICE - DAYComing into view by air.ext. HOMELAND SECURITY - MEDICAL LAB - DAYMED TECHS perform a battery of tests on Cris and Liz. Wisdom,
          Baines, and Ferris watch through glass in an adjoining room.Wisdom
                    Are you out of your mind? Did you
                    ever play chicken before?FERRISThis game was different. He knew I
                    wouldn't flinch.Baines covertly makes the "big balls" gesture with two clawed
          hands. Wisdom nods knowingly.baINES
                    What's new with the Code Orange?WISDOMIt's red now. And we're out of
                    leads.fERRIS
                    Then you better hope he's what I
                    say he is.WISDOMPlease, make me a believer.WHITE VESTIBULESize of an elevator. Cris stands there, bound ankle and
          wrist. Click, the metal shackles open automatically and drop
          to the floor.Cris reaches down for them. Possible weapon. Struggles to
          lift them. Can't.FERRIS (o.c.)
                    Electromagnets.INT. Observation room - daYFerris, Baines, and Wisdom peer down into the White Vestibule
          through a window. Technicians operate a control panel.98.WiSDOM
                       Aren't you being a little over-
                       cautious?FERRISNot possible with him.She leans forward, flips a toggle. Down below, in the
          Vestibule, a door slides open.FERRISCris, please step into the next
                       room.WHITE VESTIBULECris gives up on the chains and sullenly steps forward.WHITE ROOMSize of a squash court. Cris enters gingerly and peers
          around. Twenty feet up, an OBSERVATION WINDOW, opaque. On the
          other walls, RIFLE BARRELS poke through NARROW SLITS. The
          door slides shut behind him.Observation roomFerris leans forward and speaks.FERRISCris, we'll be firing at you with
                       live ammo. Are you ready?WisDOM
                       You're shooting your secret weapon?Ferris signals Wisdom to be patient. Cris just stands there,
          flatfooted, arms folded, unafraid.Ferris nods. A Techie presses a button. The THREE RIFLESFIRE.Cris is hit square in the chest!By THREE BLUE PAINTBALLS.CrIS
                       You're paying for the shirt.WisDOM
                           (unconvinced)
                       I hope you've got more than that.99.FERRISNow we are going to use live ammo.WISDOMNot on my watch, you're not.FERRISI promise you, he won't be hit.Wisdom looks her in the eye. Sees her certainty.WISDOMIt's your experiment.Ferris leans toward a microphone, but before she can speak...CRIS"From now on, Cris, the bullets are
                    real."Ferris sits back and nods to the techies to proceed.BARE WHITE CHAMBERCris balances, at the ready, as the three rifles take aim at
          him. He LUNGES at the very instant that one rifle FIRES. A
          bullet ZINGS by his ear.As the second rifle fires, Cris contorts -- and a bullet
          parts his hair.As the third rifles fires, he tumbles away, almost a blur.More shots, in rapid sequence, erratic rhythm. Two at a time.
          Three at a time.Like a pinball, Cris pivots, crouches, dodges every bullet.
          Then suddenly stops. Stands there. An easy target. Click,
          click, click, the guns are out of bullets.FERRISHe's almost impossible to shoot,
                    hit, surprise, capture, or contain.WISDOMMind if I try?FERRISBe my guest.Wisdom takes out his handgun, carefully aims, and discharges
          six shots at Cris - doesn't score a hit.100.WisDOM
                    How do you know it's prevision?
                    Maybe he's reading minds.Ferris shows the aiming gantries to Wisdom.FERRISNo minds to read. The guns are
                    aimed automatically by infrared.WiSDOM
                        (impressed)
                    What other tricks can he do?Ferris pushes a toggle, and a pocket door slides open in a
          wall.ferris
                        (to Cris)
                    Please step into the next room.CRISI'm going. No need for a hotfoot.BaiNES
                        (explains, to Wisdom)
                    The floor is electrified. He must
                    have tried resisting and foreseen
                    the result.Cris walks through the doorway into...THE SMALLER WHITE ROOMwhich is familiar from the opening sequence, but not exactly
          the same. Because it's not exactly the same future. A HEAVY
          CHAIR, bolted to the floor, faces a PLASMA SCREEN MONITOR on
          the wall. To the left of the screen is a MIRROR; to the
          right, a DIGITAL CLOCK-CALENDAR.Ferris' FACE appears on the monitor.Ferris on monitor
                    Cris, it's time to get started with
                    the next test. This won't be
                    unpleasant. We just need to you sit
                    in the chair.Cris eyes the chair with suspicion.101.Ferris on monitor
                    I want you to look ahead, tell me
                    the time on the clock and then tell
                    me what film clip you see playing.
                    Let's start with five minutes from
                    now. Then we'll press ahead as far
                    as you're capable of.
                        (to Wisdom)
                    The clips have been assembled at
                    random by a computer, so nobody
                    knows what'll be playing next.Cris looks into the mirror and sees his face reflected - as
          an old man. He turns away.cris
                    Look, I'll stand here and tell you
                    what I see.INTERCUT BOOTH / WHITE ROOMFerris on monitor
                    I'm afraid we need you to sit.CRISWhy?Ferris on monitor
                    Why not?CRISI know what happens.Ferris oN MONITOR
                    Tell us.CRISYou tie me down and never let me
                    out.Wisdom looks at Ferris. She shrugs, sheepish.FerriS
                    That's only because you won't
                    cooperate.CRISBecause you're trying to force me.102.Ferris
                    Work with us, Cris, and you can be
                    a hero. Fight us, and things will
                    get worse and worse.Cris squints, frustrated, looking for a way out.Ferris ON MONITOR
                        (severe)
                    Now sit in the chair. One. Two.
                    Three.Ferris switches the toggle. The sizzle of electricity.Cris hops and jumps in agony.Ferris turns away, then makes herself look.WISDOMWhoa, you are one tough bitch.FERRISWe're still in a Code Red if I'm
                    not mistaken.She turns off the juice.WISDOMHe knew he'd get shocked, but he
                    chose to resist.FERRISHe's almost never had to face
                    consequences.
                        (flips toggle)
                    Cris, are you ready to get in the
                    chair?Cris, recovering, shoots her the finger.She switches the toggle again - and leaves it on. Wisdom
          doesn't have the stomach to watch.FERRISWe need information, right?Cris collapses, unconscious.FERRISLeave him there. We'll start again
                    when he recovers.103.INT. Wisdom's office - DAYWisdom and Ferris are both traumatized by the torture.WISDOMOkay, how do we use him to find the
                    bombs?FERRISSimple. We make him watch the news
                    and tell us about it.WISDOMHow far ahead can he see?FERRISI don't know. But I suspect we can
                    increase his range with practice.
                    Especially if we restrict his
                    future to only watching news. Then
                    he'll be like a timescope.Wisdom nods.WISDOMYou were right. This is huge.FERRISThis is just for starters. You want
                    to stage a pre-emptive strike, he
                    can tell you if you'll hit the
                    target and whether they hit back
                    and what went wrong. And you can do
                    this over and over until you get it
                    perfect before you begin.Wisdom chuckles at the enormity of the potential.wisDOM
                    And all he's ever done with it is a
                    little gambling and securities
                    fraud?FeRRIS
                    I know, it's amazing; but he's not
                    ambitious.WiSDOM
                    Damn, how will we control this guy
                    when he figures out what he's
                    capable of?104.Ferris
                    We control him now. We just have to
                    keep it that way.WISDOMRight now, sweetheart, we can't
                    even get him to sit in a chair.Dread suddenly washes over Wisdom.WISDOMWe've got to think this through.
                    Your friend could be more dangerous
                    than the terrorists.Ferris
                    Aren't you running ahead of
                    yourself?WISDOMWith this guy, you have to. Or
                    it'll be over before it begins.Ferris
                    So we'll keep him in chains.WISDOMThat may not be enough. We may
                    have to cut off his arms and legs.
                    Then I might start to feel safe.Ferris grins uncomfortably.Ferris
                    You're not serious.WISDOMThink about it. What we're talking
                    about here is the next step in
                    human evolution. And I'm not gonna
                    make the same mistake the
                    Neanderthals made when they ran
                    across this good-looking Homo
                    Sapien fellow and all the lady
                    Neanderthals said, "He's so cute.
                    Let's keep him around."FERRISCan we deal with your sexual
                    insecurities at another time?105.WISDOMYou mean after it's too late?Ferris seems to come around to Wisdom's logic.Ferris
                       I wish you'd given me a chance to
                       chain him up before you decided to
                       prune him into a stump.They are both filled with dread.wisdom
                       You think he knows? Already?white roomCris on the floor. His expression hardens.CorrIDORSFerris and Wisdom stride through the facility almost at a
          run.WiSDOM
                       I haven't made any firm decisions.
                       Maybe we will just keep him tied
                       up.FERRISI told you, he doesn't read minds.
                       He sees the results.WHITE ROOMCris rises from the floor into a crouched position, like an
          animal ready to pounce.The door flies open and A DOZEN ARMED MP's charge in, rifles
          at the ready, and surround Cris. Cris checks the time on the
          digital clock. It's 5:12 PM.CorridorsFerris and Wisdom getting closer; he's on a cellphone.Wisdom
                       Tell Baines to meet us there. And
                       bring a dozen men.106.WHITE ROOMMotionless, in a crouch...Cris suddenly dashes between two
          MP's, shoves them aside, makes for the door. He gets smashed
          by the RIFLE BUTTS of the nearest ones, then stomped by the
          full contingent. [Attempt #1]AREA OUTSIDE THE White ROOMFerris and Wisdom arrive and look through the window.THEIR POV:Cris is alone in the room, in that crouched position. No
          MP's. What we've just seen...hasn't happened yet.OUTSIDE THE WHITE ROOMBaines arrives with THE DOZEN ARMED MP's we saw in the
          previous scene.WISDOMWait for my signal, then go in and
                       surround him.Wisdom and Ferris hurry upstairs into the Observation Booth.We pass through the wall into the...White roomWhere in some future Cris is once again surrounded by the
          Dozen MP's who are actually outside, waiting to charge in.
          Suddenly, Cris pounces low at one soldier's hips, shoving him
          into the soldier next to him, which knocks over a third
          soldier. Cris dashes for the door, but four MP's pull him
          away before he can get out. [Attempt #2]Observation ROOMFerris and Wisdom enter and look down at Cris, who crouches
          alone, motionless, in the White Room. Ferris prepares to
          speak to him. Wisdom interrupts.WISDOMI'll do the talking.Wisdom goes to the microphone.WISDOMCris, this Eric Wisdom. I'm the
                       director of this facility.(MORE)107.WISDOM (cont'd)
                       We're in the middle of a Code Red,
                       and we'd like your help in
                       preventing a major catastrophe.CRISI don't believe you.Outside WHITE roomBAINES and the DOZEN MP's wait, ready to charge in.WISDOM (o.s.)
                       I apologize for the way you've been
                       treated. Agent Ferris got a little
                       carried away.White roomCris, once again surrounded by the same Dozen MP's, suddenly
          punches one of them, kicks another, and now has the mobility
          to start using his Tai Chi moves. But the other MP's gang up
          on him and pile on, burying him under their weight. [Attempt#3]wisdom (o.S.)
                       Could I ask you as a favor to
                       please sit in the chair so we can
                       begin?observation ROOMWisdom and Ferris watch as Cris still just crouches there,
          motionless, alone, in the empty room. He checks the clock.
          It's 5:09 PM. Just minutes before The MP's will charge into
          the room.WHITE ROOMCris runs to the door and tries to bar it so they can't
          enter. He gets shoved aside by the force of the MP's as they
          charge in. [Attempt #4]observation ROOMWisdom and Ferris watch as Cris still just crouches there,
          motionless, in the empty room. Wisdom flicks off the mike.WiSDOM
                       What's he doing?FeRRIS
                       Looking ahead.108.WISDOM(to microphone)
                    Cris, time is running out.White room -Cris is again crouched and surrounded by the Dozen MP's.wiSDOM (plasma screen)
                    We need your cooperation right
                    away.Suddenly Cris attacks using his Tai Chi skills. He outfights
          four of them, but then is subdued by the others. [Attempt #5]SnAPBACK:Cris is again crouched and surrounded by the Dozen MP's.wiSDOM (plasma screen)
                    Cris, don't you feel some sense of
                    obligation to the rest of us? Your
                    ability could save so many lives.Suddenly he repeats the martial arts attack, but refines it,
          beating six MP's this time before being subdued... [Attempt#6]SNAPBACK:Cris is again crouched and surrounded by the Dozen MP's.wiSDOM (plasma screen)
                    Cris, don't you feel some sense of
                    obligation to the rest of us? Your
                    ability could save so many lives.Faster and faster, over and over, Cris relives the attack,
          perfecting his movements, finding new opportunities. His
          skill increases with each iteration as he anticipates every
          soldier's action and counters it with the greatest economy of
          means. [Attempts #7-12]The fight takes on the quality of choreography as the MP's
          seem to step right into Cris' punches and kicks. Cris flips
          and throws them into each other, leveraging their movements
          to achieve his goals with perfect efficiency.But Cris still can't quite get out the door.OBSERVATION ROOM109.Looking down at Cris, still crouched there, alone.FERRISDon't give him time. Send them in
                    now.WISDOMBaines, do it.Ext. White ROOMBaines gives the signal and the dozen waiting MP's charge in
          through the door, rifles at the ready. The foreseen attack is
          now beginning in real time.INT. White roomThe MP's surround Cris, as foreseen. He remains in the center
          of them, crouched, motionless.For a long beat, they just stand there, rifles aimed at their
          frozen quarry.wiSDOM (plasma screen)
                    Cris, don't you feel some sense of
                    obligation to the rest of us? Your
                    ability could save so many lives.Cris suddenly attacks...and with perfect economy of movement,
          like a diver executing thirteen twists in the second before
          he hits the water, Cris executes the previous routine with a
          new "finale" and...Elegantly slips past all the MP's into the hall - and slams
          the door behind him, locking them in!The escape has the quality of magic. It takes a beat for the
          MP's to realize what has happened.oBSERVATION BOOTHWisdom and Ferris are agog.wISDOM
                    What happened? - You idiots!Ferris draws her gun and charges down the stairs.OUTSIDE white roomCris is waiting for her and somehow he has her gun in his
          hand.110.CrIS
                      Don't make me do what I can do.Cris spins and shoots Wisdom in the shin as he starts down
          the stairs. Wisdom collapses.CRISDon't get too attached to your arms
                      and legs.Cris spins and gets the drop on Baines.CrIS
                      Don't.Baines sets down his gun. Cris takes off.WISDOMDon't let him out of here alive.Baines opens the door to the White Room. MP's stampede out in
          hot pursuit.baINES
                      Isolate the building. If there's
                      one exit overlooked, he'll know it.FERRISIf there's one soft heart, one slow
                      shooter, he'll know it.Ferris attends to Wisdom, bleeding on the stairs.FeRRIS
                      Don't worry. I caught him once;
                      I'll catch him again.WISDOMBe careful. I don't want anything
                      to happen to you.They care about each other more than they've let on.corridorsCris. Running. MP's and general Security Police close behind.
          No place to hide. Soldiers open fire. Cris dives for the
          floor, tumbles, gets to his feet, serpentines, and ends up
          behind a door that opens at the moment, as if by mental
          command, shielding him from gunfire.111.Security Police pour out from the other side. Cris reaches
          around and grabs someone's gun. He opens fire, buying himself
          enough cover to get to a doorway.Cris stops, thinks, then charges out shooting, fighting,
          running -- completing a condensed burst of four impossible
          tasks that get him to the next point of refuge.He waits, thinks, charges and, with another burst of
          choreographed action, makes it into an elevator whose doors
          conveniently open at that moment. He darts inside, keeps
          shooting, presses certain buttons - starting several stories
          up, and waits for the doors to close.Sergeant
                    You five, up. You five, down. The
                    rest stay with me.INT. SURVEILLANCE ROOM - DAYBanks of monitors, each containing a grid of mini-frames
          containing the pov of a surveillance camera -- hundreds in
          all. LEO, the Soldier at the console, is twitchy and hyper-
          alert.Leo watches as the Security Forces split up. He scans the
          monitors to see where Cris will resurface.INT. ELEVATOR - DAYCris climbs up through the ceiling panel.INT. Elevator shaft - DAYWhen the elevator stops, he rips open a VENTILLATION DUCT and
          climbs inside.OUTSIDE WHITE ROOMDR. FIELDING approaches Wisdom with a syringe.WISDOMNo demerol. I need to be alert.FERRISGet him a local.Amanda, Ferris' junior analyst, rushes in with lab reports.amanda
                    You asked for these as soon as they
                    were ready.112.FERRISNot now.amanda
                    You might want to check this
                    result.She points to a particular page. Impatient, Ferris reads. Her
          eyes widen.FeRRIS
                    How pregnant?amanda
                    A few days.Ferris turns to Wisdom.FERRISThis is getting interesting. We
                    have a mating pair.WISDOMSecure the female.POV FROM CEILING - THROUGH VENTILLATION GRILLLiz sits in a waiting room by herself, reading a magazine.
          Psst! She looks up at the camera.Cris (o.c.)
                    Unscrew the vent.She moves a chair under the vent and prepares to stand on it.
          The door opens and several MP's march in.SOLDIER(to Liz)
                    We're here to protect you.Without looking up at Cris, she moves the chair back against
          the wall and sits in it.VENTILLATION DUCTCris, frustrated, shimmies back through the vent.SURVEILLANCE ROOMLeo checks all the video screens. Cris is nowhere.113.Leo
                    He must be in the walls.VENTILLATION DUCTSettling in, Cris looks at his watch. 5:17. He concentrates
          and time speeds by - until a flashlight beam lights up the
          duct from a distance.SOLDIERI found him! In here!As more Security Police and flashlights fill the shaft, Cris
          checks his watch: 5:33.SNAPBACK:VENTILLATION DUCTWhich is once again dark, quiet and empty. Cris looks at his
          watch. 5:17.Cris
                        (to himself)
                    Sixteen minutes.Cris takes a deep breath and crawls forward. Remarkably, he
          seems to be CRAWLING OUT OF HIS MOTIONLESS BODY like a snake
          shedding its skin! - In fact, Cris 1 lies there in deep
          concentration, while Cris 2 creeps onward.EXPLORATION SEQUENCECris drops down from a ventillator shaft into an office. He
          opens the door, walks into a corridor, and strides forward,
          preternaturally calm.He advances through an unfolding panorama of "stage sets" on
          which different hypothetical scenarios play out, one at a
          time, several simultaneously, or layered in like the melodic
          themes in a round or fugue, creating the visual equivalent of
          harmony and counterpoint.Cris encounters Security Police searching for him. When they
          discover Cris, they aim their weapons at him. He checks the
          time. Snapback a few seconds. He hides before they arrive.He goes through a door into a room. People are there.
          Snapback. Hides in a different room. It's empty. Cris
          searches the room. Looks in the desk drawers. Puts things in
          his pockets. The door flies open. Security Police find him
          and shoot. Snapback.114.Cris treads down empty corridors. He multiplies into a legion
          of Cris Johnsons, duplicated again and again, as he explores
          room after room, searching them sequentially. Simultaneously.He spends much time in a Handyman's Storeroom, while other
          Cris Johnson's fade away.Cris 27 finds the surveillance room with Leo in charge. Cris
          scans the room. He is seen. He waits to see who will shoot
          him first. He is hit in the chest. Fade out.Cris 35 gets caught by two Security Police. He fights them,
          takes their guns, but gets killed by reinforcements.Cris 63 waits in a room and peers through a crack in the door
          as his POV FAST FORWARDS, and he charts the comings and
          goings of the search parties, until they discover him, at
          which point he snapsback and hides in a different room. He's
          hiding in many rooms simultaneously. Spying. Piecing together
          the schedule of the patrol in that corridor.The same situations repeat. Scanning for security cameras.
          Fighting. Winning. Losing. Dying.He goes down a stairwell. One version of himself exits at a
          landing. A second iteration of himself continues to the next
          floor down. At that landing, two iterations of himself turn
          in different directions, left and right.We follow the one that went to the left.He sees MP's taking Liz from her holding room and escorting
          her somewhere else.He follows. Gets seen. By her. By them. Snapback.He is waiting in several locations, watching to see where the
          MP's will emerge with Liz. The MP's and Liz emerge from an
          elevator in one of the locations. The other Cris' fade out.Liz is ushered into a room and locked inside. Four guards
          depart. Two guards remain posted outside. They see Cris.He runs down stairs. Into the corridor. Into the room
          directly under the room where Liz is being held.Cris enters A FORENSICS LAB where the captured bomb is being
          studied. There is a barrel of C4 PLASTIC EXPLOSIVE. MP's in
          the room turn on him and open fire. Cris is blasted and falls
          to the floor, dead. Snapback to...115.VENTILLATION DUCTCris, where he started, motionless as a hibernating bear,
          exploring his futures. CAMERA passes through walls, floors,
          ceilings and finds Baines rushing through the corridors.
          Baines enters...Wisdom's officeWhere Wisdom paces with one crutch while Ferris sits on a
          sofa like Rodin's Thinker, in concentration almost as deep as
          Cris'.Baines
                    He hasn't gotten out through any
                    exit. The bad news is...wisdOM
                    You've lost him.BAINESI'm issuing infrared to all my men.
                    We should have a fix in a few
                    minutes.WISDOMYou realize if he gets away now,
                    we'll never get him back. He'll be
                    out there, and he'll be our enemy.Ferris looks up.FeRRIS
                    I know how to flush him out.bainES
                        (at a loss)
                    Fine. Tell me what to do.The thought crystallizes as she speaks.FERRISWe don't actually have to do
                    anything.
                        (beat)
                    We just have to decide to do
                    something...unthinkable.Ferris shudders at the dark brilliance of her own idea.116.int. ground floor of facility - DAYGuards stand in a solid line. No way out. Cris off to one
          side, in a niche just inside the door. Camera pans and finds
          a second Cris standing back, away from an exit. Pans and
          finds a legion of Cris Johnsons, duplicated again and again,
          trying each exit.At one dim exit, he lies on the ground, charred and dead,
          next to the gauntlet of MP's he has tried to outrun.Wisdom's officeWisdom and Baines are looking at each other, appalled, then
          turn to Ferris.WISDOMYou want me to threaten to kill a
                    pregnant woman?FERRISThreats don't count. When he
                    foresees that you actually did kill
                    her, that she's dead...
                        (beat)
                    He won't let it happen. - He'll
                    come to us. Surrender. And she'll
                    live.Wisdom regards her with perverse admiration.FERRISBut it only works if we're not
                    bluffing. Because he'll know.Wisdom considers the decision that lies ahead for him.INT. NEAR THE LOBBY - DAYCris is still trying to get out the front door, but there's
          one Soldier, call him CRACK SHOT, who kills Cris repeatedly.
          Cris snapsback and tries various tactics, but he can't get
          past Crack Shot alive.He gives up. Turns and runs back into the heart of the
          building.Cris' mental pov expands to include the entire facility, like
          a crystal doll house. Simultaneously, he is observing every
          room, present in every room, charting the place, testing
          possible actions.117.The facility is a bee hive of activity. A bee hive that
          accelerates to fast forward -- until all times are
          simultaneous. Until the simultaneous activity is made even
          denser by the accumulated layers of possibility.Cris-134 spies Ferris and Wisdom walking together. He follows
          them for a while, until he is discovered. Cris-134 fades out.
          The Ferris and Wisdom who saw him fade out. But another
          Ferris and Wisdom continue through the building, and their
          trail gets picked up by Cris-62, who has detoured in order
          to encounter them.As Cris' goals are accomplished, superfluous versions of
          himself fade away.The surveillance of a sequence of Ferris-and-Wisdoms is
          continued by Cris-91, then Cris-14, who watches as Wisdom and
          Ferris approach two guards standing outside an INTERROGATION
          ROOM. We recognize them as the MP's who are guarding Liz,
          inside. Wisdom is let into the Interrogation Room by the
          MP's. Ferris proceeds into a nearby office alone.SnaPBACK TO:vENTILLATION ductCris comes out of his trance. Checks his watch. Sixteen
          minutes have passed.Cris composes his thoughts, takes a breath, then crawls
          forward, leaving no Cris behind. Now it's for real.A moment after he rounds a corner, A FLASHLIGHT BEAM stabs
          into the duct that he vacated. It scans around. Withdraws.NOTE:The situations that Cris has just previewed from the
          Ventillator Shaft constitute the raw material that he will
          now re-craft into a single narrative: the story of his actual
          escape attempt, staged in long takes, unfolding in almost-
          real time. When appropriate, to illustrate Cris' ability, we
          will portray several locations simultaneously via split-
          screens which change in number, size, shape, and placement.INT. HANDYMAN'S STOREROOM - DAYCeiling. The ventillator grill pops open. Cris drops to the
          floor. He grabs a backpack conveniently hanging on a hook.
          Without the slightest hesitation, he goes from shelf to box
          to drawer, loading particular objects into the backpack.118.CORRIDOREmpty. A door opens. Cris steps out into the hall carrying
          the backpack and a foot stool. He stays close to a wall,
          steps on the foot stool, and spray-paints over the lens of a
          surveillance camera.SURVEILLANCE ROOMLeo spots Cris as he blinds one camera after another.Leo
                     I've got him. Third level, building
                     C. Pete, Brian, get up there. Kyle,
                     block off the west staircase.
                     Jason, bring your dogs in from the
                     east.CORRIDORSOLDIER PETE and SOLDIER BRIAN charge into an empty corridor
          and begin their search for Cris.A door slams open, bashing Pete in the face. Cris breaks his
          shooting arm, grabs his M-16, hides behind the door, and
          sprays bullets low, hitting Brian in the shins. He runs to
          Brian, breaks his shooting arm, takes his rifle. Drags Brian
          and Pete into an open room. Tapes their mouths.SURVEILLANCE ROOMBaines arrives and takes command.Leo
                     He was on third level seventy
                     seconds ago.BaINES
                     But where is he now?INT. WEST STAIRWELL - DAYCris pours floor polish in specific places.SOLDIER KYLE and his TROOP charge out off the stairwell. Each
          one steps directly into the polish and slips.As they fall, Cris punches them out or puts them in
          chokeholds, utilizing the elegant minimum of force or
          violence. Child's play. As soon as they are unconscious, Cris
          takes their guns, tear gas, and a gas mask.119.CORRIDORSOLDIER JASON and THREE TROOPS are on the way, each with aGUARD DOG.ANOTHER CORRIDORCris lies in wait for the patrol. When they appear, he is
          perfectly placed to mace each dog and each soldier with a
          quick spritz. He goes back and sprays them again, to keep
          them out of commission.Surveillance roomCris appears on several screens.LEOHe's on this floor!...Shit! He's
                     coming here!The door opens. A tear gas canister flies in. A moment later,
          Cris charges in wearing a gas mask.He opens fire at the video monitors, shattering every one.By the time the MP's are ready to respond, Cris reaches and
          grabs Baines' handgun. He swings out into the corridor with
          Baines' gun in his hand...Without looking, his hand aims and
          shoots several times.CORRIDOREmerging into the hallway, Cris looks down at the end of the
          hall and sees two MP's falling to the floor, wounded.Cris wraps electrical tape around the door handle and a pipe
          on the wall, sealing the room shut, then turns and maces the
          last of the dogs.SURVEILLANCE ROOMAs the tear gas clears, the damage is visible. Every monitor
          in the surveillance system has been shattered. Leo, coughing,
          feels his way to a phone.WISDOM'S OFFICEWisdom answers on speakerphone.LEO (o.c.)
                     He blinded us.120.BAINES (o.c.)
                     And the dogs are useless.Ferris stares at Wisdom expectantly.FERRISHe's getting away.CORRIDORCris, on the run, encounters CRACK SHOT - not where he was
          seen in prevision. Crack Shot reaches for his gun. Cris
          breaks his arm before Crack Shot can fire.WISDOM'S OFFICEWisdom on the phone. Ferris watching in suspense.WISDOMAny developments on the Code Red?
                     ...Let me know if there are.He hangs up, discouraged. Dials a number.WISDOMBaines, bring the girl friend to
                     the Interrogation Room.
                         (to Ferris)
                     I'll deal with her there.INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE INTERROGATION ROOM - DAYCris sneaks into room where he foresaw that Liz will be
          brought. The door is recognizable by its industrial look.WAITING ROOMWhere Liz is being baby-sat by four MP's. Baines enters.BAINESWe're moving her.INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAYCris writes a note. Slips it onto a side table. Opens the
          drawer of a desk. Writes in it. Puts something inside.CORRIDOR OUTSIDE INTERROGATION ROOMBaines and the four MP's arrives with Liz. Baines, Liz, and
          two MP's wait while two officers carefully open the door and
          check out the room.121.We expect them to find Cris. But they don't.Outside, in the hall, a pencil rolls on the floor toward Liz.
          She notices it and looks where it came from. Sees Cris,
          hiding behind a janitor's cart. He puts his fist over his
          heart. Gesture of love.The two MP's in the room signal for Liz to be brought inside.Two MP's outside the room bring her in. Baines stays on guard
          outside.INTERROGATION ROOMWhile the Guards stand on alert, Liz sits in a chair and
          discovers a piece of paper on a side table, placed exactly
          where her hand has come to rest. On the paper, in pencil, a
          square with a square cross within. She flips over the note.
          It reads, "GO CRAZY!"She considers, then SCREAMS as loud as she can while running
          around wildly.OUTSIDE INTERROGATION ROOMHearing the commotion, Baines opens the door. Behind his
          back, Cris steps from hiding, opens the door to a room and
          slips inside, closing the door just as Baines looks back.INTERROGATION ROOMThe MP's force Liz into a chair behind a desk.SOLDIERSit there and shut up.Liz sees a drawer which is partially open. She looks inside.
          Sees a hefty pair of scissors. Inside the drawer, a message
          is written on the wood. "5:44, stab Wisdom." She looks at a
          clock in the room. 5:41. But Wisdom isn't there.CORRIDORWisdom and Ferris, walking.FERRISYou understand what's at stake
                     here? We're playing for the future.
                     Not just what happens next, but
                     what the future is. What the rules
                     are.(MORE)122.FERRIS (cont'd)
                    If one man will know it and control
                    it -- and have power over the rest
                    of us. Or if we'll have power over
                    him.WISDOMBy killing an innocent woman.She looks him in the eye.FERRISIf you want, I'll pull the trigger.WISDOMI think that might be...more
                    reliable.She accepts the terrible responsibility.FERRISI'll join you in a minute. I need
                    to take care of some details.Wisdom turns to Baines.WISDOMGet more men up here.Ferris walks to a nearby office and goes inside.INTERROGATION ROOMLiz anxiously checks the clock. 5:43 and still no Wisdom.
          Then the door opens. And Wisdom enters.They study each other, neither knowing the other's plans. She
          glances aside at the clock.FERRIS' OFFICEShe picks up the phone. Dials a number.FERRISThis is Ferris. I'll need a chopper
                    tanked up and ready.Behind her, Cris steps out of hiding. By the time she sees
          him, his forearm is around her neck.INT. INTERROGATION ROOMAt 5:44, Liz grabs the scissors, lunges at Wisdom, and stabs
          at his neck. He raises his arm in time to block the blow.123.The two MP's in the room fight her off, calling to the
          sentinels outside.OUTSIDE THE INTERROGATION ROOMBaines and the sentinels rush in to help.When the corridor is empty and no one is looking, the door to
          Ferris' office opens, and Cris emerges with Ferris as his
          hostage.INT. INTERROGATION ROOMMP's drag Liz away from Ferris.WISDOM(not listening)
                      Where the hell did she get the
                      scissors?CORRIDORSCris and Ferris make their way toward the entrance. They come
          across a Patrol. The MP's take aim. Cris holds his gun to
          Ferris' head.PATROL LEADERHold your fire.
                          (gets on the radio)
                      We've got the target in plain sight
                      in Corridor 2C, but he's holding a
                      hostage. Agent Ferris. - Request
                      instructions.IntERROGATION ROOMBaines, on the radio, turns to Wisdom.BAINESYou won't believe this. He's got
                      Ferris.WISDOMHow?BAINESI don't know, but he's on his way
                      to the front door.
                          (beat)
                      They want instructions.Wisdom thinks hard.124.WISDOMDon't shoot.BAINESThen how are we going to stop him?WISDOMWe don't. We let him go.
                      - It's part of the plan.Baines tries not to be insubordinate.BAINESYou're sure about this?WISDOMNo, but Ferris is.Wisdom takes a deep breath - then grabs Liz by the arm and
          aims his gun at her head.WISDOMI hope he loves you as much as I
                      love her.CORRIDORSCris marches Ferris through the building, flanked by Security
          Police who aim at him but hold their fire. WISDOM'S VOICE
          comes over the public address system.wisdom (o.c.)
                      Cris Johnson...I've got your girl
                      friend. We know her condition.That gets his attention.wisdom (o.c.)
                      Something very bad will happen at
                      six o'clock unless you're back in
                      custody.CRIS(to Ferris)
                      He hasn't got the balls.FERRISWe'll find out, won't we?IntERROGATION ROOMWisdom holds Liz at gunpoint. She seems remarkably calm.125.LIZYou're not going to kill me. That's
                       what the bad guys do.WISDOMIn war, you have to be as ruthless
                       as your enemy.LIZ(emphatic)
                       Cris isn't the enemy.WISDOMI didn't mean him.CORRIDORSNear lobby, where Crack Shot repeatedly nailed Cris. This
          time Crack Shot's shooting arm is in a sling, and he crouches
          next to a substitute sniper, who lies in wait.Cris walks into view and fires one shot, which wings the
          substitute sniper -- causing him to miss his shot at Cris.Cris pulls Ferris to the next location.INTERROGATION ROOMWisdom and Liz. He watches the clock. Now she's afraid.LIZCan't you just leave us alone?He shakes his head, trying to gather courage.IN THE RAFTERSAnother sniper takes aim at a section of hallway that Cris is
          approaching.CROSSHAIRSAs Cris enters the sniper's field of vision, he shifts Ferris
          to a different position, blocking the shot.CORRIDORAs they pass under him, Ferris sees the sniper above. Cris
          takes aim at an empty space and fires just as a soldier
          charges from hiding and absorbs the bullet as if deliberately
          catching it with his body.126.FERRISGod, you're remarkable.Cris breaks a window. Tosses a grenade outside.FERRISI wish you had a little more sense
                    of duty.CRISI'd say you have way too much.EXT. HOMELAND SECURITY BULDING - DAYThe grenade explosion attracts many of the guards. Cris and
          Ferris slip out the front door where the Guards were
          previously stationed.He addresses a Soldier in a patrol car.CRISGive me your keys.The Soldier obeys. Cris shoves Ferris into the car and gets
          in after her.CRIS(to soldier)
                    If I see you, I'll kill her.They drive off.IntERROGATION ROOMWisdom, agonized, is about to pull the trigger. Liz,
          trembling, sees that he's going to do it.WISDOMI'm sorry.Ext. Car - DAYDriving away. Ferris realizes that Cris' escape is going to
          be successful. She checks her watch. It's 6:13.FERRISYou know what our problem is?CRIS"We got off on the wrong foot."He has taken the words right out of her mouth.127.FERRISIt's really...CRIS"all been a big misunderstanding."FERRISExactly.CRIS"We've never meant you any harm."FERRISIt sounds so insincere when you say
                       it.CRISI guess you're a better liar than I
                       am.FERRISYou know what I'm going to say
                       next?Cris nods.CRISIt'll never happen.She offers her card.FERRISMy door will be open. We can start
                       from scratch.He takes it. The phone number stands out: 888-CFerris. Flips
          the card out the window.FERRISThe magic word is cooperate. That's
                       all we've ever wanted to hear from
                       you.A helicopter lands on the road ahead, blocking the way.CRISWhen are they going to give up?
                       After you're dead?Cris holds his gun threateningly to Ferris' head. Two MP's
          get out of the helicopter, carrying something heavy.128.Cris reacts to what he can't see yet.They are carrying a body. They remove the hood from its head.
          It's Liz. Dead.Quaking with rage, Cris prepares to shoot Ferris.SNAPBACK TO:INT. HOMELAND SECURITY - Corridors - DAYTwenty minutes earlier. Cris is marching Ferris through the
          corridors to the exit.ferriS
                      I wish you had a little more sense
                      of duty.Cris stops in his tracks, quaking with rage.CRISTo a gang of murderers?Ferris seems pleased.FERRISI see you got our message.He checks his watch. 5:54.CRISWhat's about to happen...you've
                      brought it on yourselves.Cris changes course and charges into a...STAIRWELLwhich he descends at a run, roughly dragging Ferris with him.fERRIS
                      It's not too late Cris. You can
                      save her.CRISI'm planning on it.Cris shoves Ferris in front of him as a shield. Approaching a
          turn in the stairs, he fires blindly. Rounding the turn, he
          sees his would-be assassin collapsing, dead.129.INTERROGATION ROOMWisdom keeps his gun aimed at Liz's head as he watches the
          clock: 5:55 PM.Soldier
                     He's heading this way.CORRIDORCris charges out of the stairwell, shooting without
          hesitation - forward, left, right, back - efficiently
          targeting Security Police in the precise order of their
          imminent readiness to fire at him. For each bullet, one
          soldier dies.Wisdom's voice comes over the P.A. System.WiSDOM (o.S.)
                     Johnson, this is Wisdom. It's 5:55.
                     You have five minutes to turn
                     yourself in...Cris and Ferris keep moving.Wisdom (o.S.)
                     Or your worst nightmare will
                     happen.Cris marches right up to the Interrogation Room where Wisdom
          holds Liz prisoner, using Ferris as a human shield.WisDOM (o.S.)
                     Look ahead if you don't believe me.Cris opens the door to the room, revealing Wisdom, Ferris,
          and thirty Security Police and MP's - who take aim at him and
          fire. Cris gets chopped to pieces.SnAPBACK TO:Cris crouches on the floor outside the Interrogation Room,
          reaches up and opens the door. He gets off a shot at Wisdom,
          who lives long enough to put a bullet in Liz's heart.SnAPBACK TO:Cris uses Ferris as a shield, gets off a burst of shots at
          Wisdom, killing him instantly.130.But a Soldier at Wisdom's side puts a bullet in Liz's heart --
          then the thirty Security personnel blast Cris and Ferris to
          pieces.SnAPBACK TO:STAIRCASE - ONE MINUTE EARLIERCris, dragging Ferris, arrives at the level of the
          Interrogation Room and continues down one more flight.Using Ferris as a human shield, he shoots his way into...INT. FORENSIC LAB - DAYWhere Cris previously saw the seized barrel of C4 Explosive.
          He guns down several armed MP's whom he knows would be
          present, then threatens the technicians.CRISGet out!They flee. Cris locks himself and Ferris inside.Cris goes over to the bomb. Squints for a beat. IN FAST
          FORWARD, CONDENSED TIME, MULTIPLE SNAPBACK, he goes through
          the whole learning curve on bomb detonation, blowing himself
          up - and snapping back to life -- several times before
          figuring out the right way to set it off.INTERROGATION ROOMWisdom holds Liz at arm's length with his gun pointed at her
          head. Watching the clock count up to 6:00 PM. It's 5:59:41//42/43...THE LABCris moves the bomb. Closes his eyes for a beat. Moves the
          bomb again. Closes his eyes. Opens them. Sets the detonator
          to 10 seconds.CORRIDOR OUTSIDE LABMP's wait, preparing to gun down Cris when he emerges. The
          door opens. Ferris sprints out.feRRIS
                    It's going off in ten seconds!The crowd flees with her.131.INTERROGATION ROOMWisdom watches the clock count advance. 5:59:55/56/57...CORRIDORNow empty. Cris runs for it. Dives.INTERROGATION ROOMAs Wisdom prepares to the pull the trigger, the bomb explodes
          in a giant cataclysm.Smoke and dustRoiling. Opaque. Then clearing.The center of the buildingis gone. A jagged raw atrium extends several stories down and
          up.To the side, on a narrow ledge of floor extending from a
          wall...crouches Liz. The only person remaining. She has
          survived by inches. Very precise.As she recovers from the blast, a door opens behind her. Cris
          appears, extends a hand and helps her from her perch.Ext. North vegas airport - nightA private jet warms up on the tarmac.ext. Private jet - nightCris and Liz bound up the entry steps, exhausted but elated.INT. JET - NIGHTAt the door, no one is present to greet them. Odd.They continue into the main cabin, where Neal, the Showgirl,
          the Pilots, and the Flight Attendant are glued to the
          television. Neal sees Cris and Liz, but hardly acknowledges
          them. He's in shock. They all are.Cris and Liz turn to the TV.132.TV NewsCASTER (o.S.)
                    The situation in Chicago is not
                    quite as severe as in the other
                    nine cities where the dirty bombs
                    exploded, as prevailing winds blew
                    the nuclear waste across Lake
                    Michigan rather than straight into
                    town. Radiation levels in Detroit,
                    on the other hand, may require the
                    entire city to be evacuated.Liz and Cris look at each other, ashen.LIZThis is what they wanted you to
                    prevent?CRISI guess...LIZAnd you wouldn't help?CRISThey didn't explain. They were
                    trying to force me.Liz shakes her head, incredulous.CrIS
                    They were gonna make me a slave.She looks at Cris like he's scum - and heads for the front of
          the plane.CRISLiz? Where are you going?Liz
                    To the doctor.She walks out of the jet and down the steps.NEALShe's not coming with us?Cris stands there, bereft, and watches her go. He has run out
          of futures.CLOSE ON CRIS133.Tears escaping from his eyes. ROTATE FRAME and discover that
          the previous cut was actually a...SNAPBACK TO:LIZ'S HOUSE - DAWNWhere Cris lies in bed with Liz's head on his chest, the
          morning after their first night [p. 45]. Since that point,
          Cris has been up for hours - scanning the futures. Finding no
          path worth taking.INT. Wisdom's HOUSE - dawnFerris sleeps next to Wisdom. She's hogged the covers. Her
          cell phone rings. Drowsily, she answers.FeRRIS
                    Ferris.Cris (o.c.)
                    This is Cris Johnson.She sits up.FERRISWhere did you get this number?INT. Liz's kitchen - dawnCris is dressed. Despondent.CrIS
                    I want to cooperate.FERRISThat's music to my ears.CRISBut I have conditions.FERRISI'm sure we can work something out.liz's bed - dawnLiz. Sleeping. Cris sits next to her on the bed.CRISLiz...134.Her eyes flicker open. She sees him looking down at her like
          an angel.LiZ
                    Come back to bed.CRISI can't. - I have to go.LIZ(incredulous)
                    You're not leaving?CRISThere's something I have to do.
                    Something you'd want me to do. And
                    I can't put it off any longer.LIZ(wounded)
                    Fine. Then go. What do I care?CRISLiz, it's not like that. I searched
                    for you for a long time. I want to
                    be with you forever.LIZDon't overdo it. We just met last
                    night.CRISBut a lot has happened since then.LIZWhile I was sleeping?He proceeds with difficulty.CRISWe're going to have a child.LIZThen you really are an angel.CRISI don't expect you to believe me.
                    But when you do find out, remember
                    that we came together for a reason.
                    That this wasn't just...one night.
                    It was a special chance for both of
                    us.135.Seeing his misery, she softens.LIZThen why are you running away from
                    me?He holds back tears.CRISI'm not...I'm taking the long way
                    around.Now she's crying.LIZI don't understand. We got off to
                    such a great start.He nods, wistful.CRISAnd I looked for a happy ending...
                    But this was the best I could do.They kiss good-bye, and she makes it so wickedly sweet that
          he can barely pull himself away.Liz watches, mystified, as he leaves - stirred by feelings
          for Cris that are just coming into being.LIZSee ya?CRISI wouldn't be surprised.And he walks out the door.Ext. LiZ'S HOUSE - DAYCris walks down the driveway to the street. He stands there a
          beat, then Ferris' car drives up and stops in front of him.
          Cris opens the passenger door and gets in.INT. Ferris' car - DAYThey look at each other, coming from very different places.Ferris
                    Mr. Johnson, we meet at last.136.CRISI wasn't ready till now.Ferris shifts into gear and drives off.FERRISWe don't have time to waste. Maybe
                    you could start by telling me how
                    your talent works.He thinks how to phrase it.CRIS"The future ain't what it used to
                    be." Ever hear that expression?Ext./Int. front window of cottage - DAYLiz watches from inside as Ferris' car pulls away.CRIS (v.O.)
                    It's a joke, but it's true. The
                    future changes every time you look
                    at it. Because you looked at it.
                    Cause once you see it, you're
                    different. And that changes
                    everything else.Liz puts her hand on her belly.FADE OUT