JAY AND SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK

                                      Screenplay by

                                       Kevin SmithOVER BLACK WE SEE:CHYRONA long time ago, in front of a convenience store far, far 
               away--EXT. QUICK STOP YEARS AGO--DAYWe FADE IN on the block of stores (Quick Stop/RST), from 
               sometime ago, In fact, RST isn't RST; it's THE RECORD RACK -- 
               a 45's store with head shop paraphernalia in the window. A 
               white-trash MOTHER (maybe seventeen) wearing a baseball cap 
               comes into frame carrying a chubby BABY. The Baby wears an 
               oversized t-shirt under what looks like a little bathrobe, 
               and messily eats a CHOCOLATE BAR. There are food stamps in 
               the Mother's hands.MOTHERBobby-Boy stay here while mommy picks 
                         up the free cheese, 'kay?

               She looks up at the bright sun, shielding her eyes slightly, 
               then looks back at the baby on the ground. She takes off her 
               baseball cap and places it on the baby.MOTHERThis'll keep the sun out of your 
                         eyes. You be good now.

               She walks away, leaving the baby sitting against the wall. 
               With the backwards baseball cap and the chocolate around his 
               mouth forming something that resembles a beard, the kid looks 
               kind of familiar.

               Then, another MOTHER (also very young) decked out in a KISS 
               concert shirt from years gone by and huge, feathered hair 
               enters, with a black skullcap wearing BABY slung at her hip. 
               She sees the first Baby, sitting against the wall and sets 
               her Baby down beside him.MOTHERDon't fucking move, you little shit-
                         machine. Mommy's gonna try to score.

               A PASSERBY enters, heading toward the convenience store. He 
               takes note of the Babies and the Mother heading into the 
               record store, and then stops and addresses her, disgusted.PASSERBYExcuse me--who's watching these 
                         babies?MOTHERThe fat one's watching the little 
                         one.PASSERBYOh, nice parenting.
                              (walking away)
                         Leave'em out here like that and see 
                         what happens.

               The Passerby walks away. The Mother flips him the bird.MOTHERFUCK YOU, YOU FUCKING SQUARE!PASSERBY(waving her off)
                         Ah, keep on truckin'.MOTHER(to baby)
                         D'jou hear the crazy fuck tellin' me 
                         how to fuckin' raise you? 
                         Motherfucker, man! Who's he fucking 
                         think he is? What's the worse fuckin' 
                         thing could happen to you sitting 
                         outside the fuckin' stores? Fuck!

               The door closes, and the Babies sit there quietly for a beat. 
               Then, they look at each other. The larger one says nothing. 
               The smaller one says--BABYFuck, fuck, fuck...DISSOLVE TO:THE PRESENTJAY and SILENT BOB stand where the Babies sat. The Record 
               Rack is now RST VIDEO.

               Jay is mid-chant.JAY(as a chant)
                         --fuck, fuck, fuck, mother-mother 
                         fuck, mother-mother fuck-fuck! Mother-
                         fuck-, mother-fuck, mother-fuck, 
                         noinch, noinch, noinch, smoking weed, 
                         smoking weed, doing coke, drinking 
                         beers!  Drinking beers, beers, beers, 
                         rolling fatties, smoking blunts! Who 
                         smokes the blunts? We smoke the 
                         blunts!

               A pair of TEENS approach them.TEEN 1Lemme get a nickel bag.JAYFifteen bucks, little man. Put the 
                         money in my hand. If the money does 
                         not show, then you owe-me-owe-me-
                         owe.
                              (changing up to Morris 
                              Day)
                         My Jungle Love! Yes, Oh-we-oh-we-oh! 
                         I think I want to know ya', know ya'--TEEN 1(digging in pockets)
                         What the hell are you singing?JAYYou don't know "Jungle Love"? That 
                         shit is the mad notes. Written by 
                         God Herself and handed down to the 
                         world's greatest band--the 
                         motherfucking Time.TEEN 2The guys in that Prince movie?TEEN 1Purple Rain.TEEN 2Man, that shit was so gay--fucking 
                         eighties style.

               Jay suddenly grabs the kid by the throat, throwing him against 
               the wall.JAYBitch, don't you NEVER say an unkind 
                         word about The Time! Me and Silent 
                         Bob modeled our whole fucking lives 
                         after Morris Day and Jerome! I'm a 
                         smooth pimp who loves the pussy, and 
                         Tubby here's my black manservant!

               Just then, RANDAL exits the video store, locking the door 
               behind him.RANDALWhat'd I tell you two about dealing 
                         in front of the store? Drop the kid 
                         and peddle your wares someplace else, 
                         burn-boy.
                              (walking away)
                         And for the record, The Time sucked 
                         ass.

               He exits. Jay, Silent Bob, and the Teens watch him go. After 
               a beat--JAYYo-youse guys wanna hear something 
                         fucked up about him and the Quick 
                         Stop guy?INT. QUICK STOP-DAYRandal joins Dante behind the counter. Dante rings up a 
               customer, a half-eaten submarine sandwich sitting on the 
               counter. Randal grabs it, takes a bite, and starts reading a 
               newspaper.RANDALHey, can't we do something about 
                         those two stoners hanging around 
                         outside all the time?DANTEWhy? What'd they do now?RANDALI'm trying to watch Clash of the 
                         Titans, and all I can hear is the 
                         two them screaming about Morris Day 
                         at the top of their lungs.DANTEI thought the fat one didn't really 
                         talk much.RANDALWhat, am I producing an A&E Biography 
                         about 'em? I'm just saying they 
                         shouldn't be loitering around the 
                         stores like they do.DANTENeither should you, but we let you 
                         stay.RANDALSee, man--if you were funnier than 
                         that, ABC never would've canceled 
                         us.DANTEWhat?RANDALNothing.

               Enter Teen 1 and Teen 2, chuckling.TEEN 1Two packs of Wraps.
                              (beat)
                         Yo--how was the service?RANDALWhat service?TEEN 2The one at the Unitarian church where 
                         you two got married to each other 
                         last week.RANDALWhat the hell are you talking about?TEEN 1Jay said you had a Star-Wars--themed 
                         wedding and you guys tied the knot 
                         dressed like storm troopers.TEEN 2Yeah. And he said you're the bitch 
                         and you're the butch. Oh, sorry--the 
                         Leia and the Luke.DANTEI'm the bitch?!RANDALWell if we were gay, that's how I'd 
                         see it.DANTEWould you shut up?!TEEN 1(to TEEN 2)
                         Holy shit, dude. The honeymoon's 
                         over.DANTEWe're not married to each other.TEEN 1Well, sure. Not in the eyes of the 
                         state or any real church, Skywalker.RANDAL(heading for the phone)
                         That does it. I'm gonna do something 
                         about those two. I shoulda done a 
                         long time agoTEEN 2In a galaxy far, far away!TEEN 1(exiting)
                         May the Foreskin be with you. Hand 
                         Jabba the Hutt.RANDAL(into phone)
                         Yeah, I want to report a couple of 
                         drug dealers out in front of the 
                         Quick Stop.EXT. QUICK STOP--DAYJay and Silent Bob are thrown against the wall outside by a 
               COP, who frisks them.JAYWhat the Fuck, Serpico? What'd we 
                         do?COPWe got a report that two guys were 
                         hanging around outside the stores, 
                         selling pot?JAYWe don't smoke pot, yo.

               Teen 1 enters and hands Jay rolling papers.TEEN 1Here're the rolling papers you wanted 
                         for your pot. And your change. Thanks.
                              (getting in Jay's 
                              face)
                         And The Time sucks ass!

               Teen 1 races off. Jay and Bob move to follow, but the Cop 
               stops them, grabbing the rolling papers out of Jay's hand. 
               He eyeballs the pair.COPNo pot, hunh? What do you need this 
                         for?JAYWhat?  I got a wiping problem. I 
                         stick these little pieces of paper 
                         over my brown-eye, and bam--no shit 
                         stains in my undies.
                              (unbuttoning pants)
                         You don't believe me? Lemme show 
                         you.

               Jay drops his pants and leans against the wall, looking back 
               over his shoulder.JAYJust spread my cheeks a little and 
                         you can see the fucking stink nuggets--COPPull up your pants up sir, Now!

               Jay bends down to pull up his pants and FARTS. Silent Bob 
               cracks up. The Cop grabs them both, leading them toward the 
               car.COPLet's take a ride down to the station.JAYWhat? It's suddenly a crime to fart, 
                         motherfucker?!EXT. BRODIE BRUCE'S SECRET STASH COMIC BOOK STORE--DAYAn ESTABLISHING SHOT of Brodie's store in the heart of Red 
               Bank.BRODIE (O.S.)No fucking way!

               WE GO TIGHT on the huge, cartoon sign of BRODIE outside to--INT. BRODIE BRUCE'S SECRET STASH COMIC BOOK STORE--LATERBRODIE himself, holding a stack of comics in one hand and a 
               Dixie cup in the other, Jay and Silent Bob follow him as he 
               puts new books in the racks.BRODIEDante and Randal slapped you with a 
                         restraining order?!JAYJudge said if we go within a hundred 
                         feet of the stores, we get thrown 
                         into County.BRODIESo you gonna abide by the court's 
                         ruling or you gonna go Bandit--
                         Reynolds style?JAYFuck yeah! You know what they make 
                         you do in county? Toss the fucking 
                         salad! I don't like this fuck's 
                         asshole; I'm gonna do it for some 
                         stranger?BRODIEI guess if you really wanted to hang 
                         out in from of a convenience store, 
                         you could just buy your own now--
                         what with all that money you guys 
                         made.JAYHell yeah, bitch.
                              (beat)
                         Wait a second--what money?BRODIEThe money from the movie, dumb-ass.JAYWhat the fuck are you babbling about?BRODIE(pulling a bagged-and-
                              boarded issue down 
                              from the wall)
                         The Bluntman and Chronic movie.
                              (dawns on him)
                         Oh my God--don't tell me you have no 
                         idea there's a movie being made of 
                         the comic you two were the basis 
                         for.JAYWhat?! Since when?BRODIEGoddamit, man--
                              (taps his wrist)
                         Here's the pulse, alright. And here's 
                         your finger--
                              (shoves his hand down 
                              the back of his pants)
                         --far from the pulse, jammed straight 
                         up your ass.
                              (extracts hand and 
                              extends it to Jay)
                         Say--would you like a chocolate 
                         covered pretzel?

               Brodie leads them back to the counter.BRODIEYou see, kids, if you read Wizard, 
                         you'd know it's the top story this 
                         month.  Check it out.

               Brodie hands Jay and Silent Bob a copy of Wizard, opened to 
               the headline: Snootchie Bootchies! Bluntman and Chronic Get 
               Big Screen Treatment!  There are pictures of HOLDEN MCNEIL 
               AND BANKY EDWARDS, as well as drawings of Bluntman and 
               Chronic.JAYWhen the fuck did this happen?!BRODIEWell, after X-Men hit at the box 
                         office, all the studios started buying 
                         up every comic property they could 
                         get their hands on. Miramax optioned 
                         Bluntman and Chronic.JAYMiramax? I thought they only made 
                         classy flicks like The Piano and The 
                         Crying Game?BRODIEYeah, well once they made She's All 
                         That, everything went to hell. So 
                         you're saying you haven't gotten a 
                         cut of the movie? Didn't Holden McNeil 
                         and Banky Edwards used to pay you 
                         likeness rights for the comic book?JAYWe haven't seen a fucking dime for 
                         no movie!BRODIEWell boys, I'm no lawyer, but I think 
                         Holden and Banky owe you some of the 
                         proverbial phat cash. I mean they're 
                         making a movie based on characters 
                         that are based on you and Quiet 
                         Robert.JAYIt ain't me and Quiet Robert. It's a 
                         pair of stupid-ass superheroes that 
                         run around saying "Snitchy-Nitchies" 
                         or something.BRODIEI believe it "Snootchie Boochies."  
                         Regardless--you're getting screwed. 
                         If I was you guys, I'd confront Holden 
                         McNeil and ask him for my movie check.JAYShit yeah. We gotsa get paid.BRODIEAnd on that note, we cue the music.

               Jay lays down a House bass beat. Brodie complements it with 
               his own beat.EXT. POTZER'S INC--DAYJay and Silent Bob mosey past the front door of the building 
               and knock.INT. POTZER'S INC--DAYHolden McNeil, opens the door and smiles.HOLDENWell! I have been waiting years to 
                         do this.
                              (smiles)
                         Look at these morose motherfuckers 
                         right here. Smells like someone shit 
                         in their cereal. Bunngg!

               Jay and Silent Bob enter. Holden closes the door, following 
               them.JAYWhat the fuck took you so long 
                         answering your damn door? You trying 
                         to talk another girlfriend of yours 
                         into some of that gay-ass three-way 
                         action with your buddy?HOLDENNo, I was just showering your mother's 
                         stink off me after I gave her a quick 
                         jump and sent her home. But now that 
                         you mention it--
                              (to Bob)
                         Thanks, you know. You could've made 
                         the moral of that story you told me 
                         a bit more clear.

               Silent Bob shrugs.HOLDENSo what brings you two dirt merchants 
                         to my neck of the woods?JAYOh, I'll tell you what our necks are 
                         doing in your woods--

               Silent Bob holds up the Wizard article.JAYWhere's our motherfucking movie check?HOLDENYou heard about that too, Hunh? Well, 
                         I've got nothing to do with it. That's 
                         Banky's deal. He owns the property 
                         now. I signed my half of the Bluntman 
                         and Chronic right over to him years 
                         ago.JAYWhy the fuck would you do a thing 
                         like that?HOLDENBecause I'm almost thirty, for God's 
                         sake--why on earth would I want to 
                         keep writing about characters whose 
                         central preoccupations are weed and 
                         dick and fart jokes? You gotta grow, 
                         man. Don't you ever want more for 
                         yourself?
                              (off Silent Bob)
                         I know this poor, hapless sonovabitch 
                         does. I look in his doe eyes and I 
                         see a man crying out, "When, Lord? 
                         When the fuck can your servant ditch 
                         this foul-mouthed little chucklehead 
                         to whom I am a constant victim of 
                         his folly, and who bombards me and 
                         those around us with grade-A 
                         foolishness that prevents me from 
                         even getting to kiss a girl? Fuck! 
                         When?!

               Silent Bob nod like he's finally understood. Jay looks at 
               him, hurt, and Bob tried to downplay the comment's truth.JAYI'm the chucklehead? Fuck you--you're 
                         the dumb-ass who gave away his comic, 
                         and now you ain't got no fat movie 
                         check neither.HOLDENWhen you're right, you're right. I 
                         wish I'd broken off a little piece 
                         for myself. Because if the buzz is 
                         any indication, the movie's gonna 
                         make some huge bank.JAYWhat buzz?HOLDENThe Internet buzz.JAYWhat the fuck is the Internet?INT. OFFICE OF POTZER'S INC--LATERHolden's at a computer terminal. Jay and Silent bob look 
               over his shoulder.HOLDENThe Internet is a communication device 
                         that allows people the world over to 
                         bitch about movies and share 
                         pornography with one another.
                              (off monitor)
                         Here's what we're looking for: "Movie 
                         PoopShoot.com"JAY(to Bob)
                         "PoopChute." Yeaaahhh.HOLDENThis is a site full of militant movie 
                         buffs: sad bastards who live in their 
                         parents' basements, downloading 
                         scripts and trading what they believe 
                         to be inside info about movies and 
                         actors they despise yet can't stop 
                         discussing. This is where you go if 
                         you wanna hear frustrated would-be 
                         filmmakers mouth off with their two-
                         bit, arm-chair-director's opinions 
                         on how they all could've made a better 
                         Episode One.

               On the computer monitor, we see the site mainpage load up. 
               Holden begins navigating the site.HOLDENHere. This is about the Bluntman 
                         movie.
                              (reading)
                         "Inside sources tell me Miramax is 
                         starting production this Friday on 
                         their adaptation of underground comic 
                         fave Bluntman and Chronic."JAYFriday?! Shit. Does it say who's 
                         playing us in the movie?HOLDENNo, but if it's Miramax, I'm sure 
                         it'll be Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. 
                         They put'em in a bunch of movies.JAYWho?HOLDENYou know--the guys from Good Will 
                         Hunting.JAYYou mean the fucking movie with Mork 
                         from Ork in it?HOLDENYeah, I'm not too big a fan either. 
                         Though Affleck was the bomb in 
                         Phantoms.JAYWord, bitch. Phantoms like a 
                         motherfucker.

               Holden and Jay slap hands. Holden points at the monitor again.HOLDENNow down here is where you can gauge 
                         the buzz. This is the Shoot Back 
                         area. It's where people who read the 
                         news get to chime in with their two 
                         cents. Here's what a guy who goes by 
                         the chick-magnet Net handle of "Wampa-
                         One" thinks about Bluntman and 
                         Chronic.
                              (reading)
                         "Bluntman and Chronic and their stupid 
                         alter egos Jay and Silent Bob only 
                         work in small doses, if at all. They 
                         don't deserve their own movie."
                              (to Jay)
                         He's got a point.JAYFuck him. What's the next one say?HOLDEN(reading)
                         "Bluntman and Chronic is the worst 
                         comic I ever read. Jay and Silent 
                         Bob are stupid characters. A couple 
                         of stoners who spout dumb-ass 
                         catchphrases like a third-rate Cheech 
                         and Chong or Bill and Ted. Fuck Jay 
                         and Silent Bob. Fuck them up their 
                         stupid asses."JAYWho the fuck said that shit?!HOLDENA guy who calls himself "Magnolia-
                         Fan."  Check out what the guy after 
                         him said: "Jay and Silent Bob are 
                         terrible, one-note jokes that only 
                         stoners laugh at.  They're fucking 
                         clown shoes. If they were real, I'd 
                         beat the shit out of them for being 
                         so stupid. I can't believe Miramax 
                         would have anything to so with this 
                         shit. I, for one, will be boycotting 
                         this movie. Who's with me?"
                              (leans back)
                         And then there are about fifty more 
                         posts from people who agree to join 
                         Spartacus-here's boycott of the flick.JAY(grimly)
                         I'm gonna kill all these fucks--HOLDENAh, let it go. Number one, they're a 
                         bunch of jealous little dicks who 
                         use the anonymity of the Net to insult 
                         people who're doing what they wish 
                         they were doing, and number two, 
                         they're not really talking about you 
                         guys--they talking about Bluntman 
                         and Chronic.JAYBut they said Jay and Silent Bob! 
                         They used our real names. It doesn't 
                         matter that there's a comic book 
                         version of us and a real version, 
                         'cause nobody knows we're real in 
                         real life.HOLDENReally.JAYYeah! And all these people who read 
                         that shit think the real Jay and 
                         Silent Bob are a couple of faggots 
                         'cause of that all these dicks are 
                         writing about the comic book Jay and 
                         Silent Bob! And maybe one night, me 
                         and Lunchbox'll be macking some bitch, 
                         and she'll be like "Oooo! I want to 
                         suck youse guys dicks off. What's 
                         your names?"  And I'll be like, "Jay 
                         and Silent Bob." And she'll be like, 
                         "Oh--I read on the Internet that 
                         youse guys were little fucking 
                         jerkoffs."  And then she goes and 
                         sucks two other guys's dicks off 
                         instead! Well fuck that!  We gotta 
                         put a stop to these hateful sonsa-
                         bitches before they ruin our good 
                         names!HOLDENFirst off, I don't know how good 
                         your names really are. Secondly, 
                         there's not much you can do about 
                         stopping this bile. The Internet's 
                         given everyone in America a voice, 
                         and everyone in American has chosen 
                         to use that voice to bitch about 
                         movies. As long as there's a Bluntman 
                         and Chronic movie, the Net-nerds are 
                         gonna have something negative to say 
                         about it.  Jay steams, thinking. 
                         Then, a light dawns on him.JAYBut wait a second--if there wasn't a 
                         Bluntman and Chronic movie, then no 
                         one would be saying shit about Jay 
                         and Silent Bob, right?HOLDENThey're not saying anything about 
                         you now--they're talking about 
                         fictional characters!JAY(oblivious to Holden; 
                              to Bob)
                         So all we gotta do is stop 'em from 
                         making the movie!HOLDENYeah, and kiss-off the hundreds of 
                         thousands of dollars in royalties 
                         you're due in the process. Are you 
                         fucking retarded? Look, I'm probably 
                         not alone in the opinion that this 
                         flick is the worst idea since Greedo 
                         shooting first. I mean, a Jay and 
                         Silent Bob movie? Who would pay to 
                         see that?

               Holden, Jay and Silent Bob pause and look at the camera for 
               a beat. Then--HOLDENBut since it is happening, you might 
                         as well just ignore the idiots on 
                         the Internet, go find Banky, and get 
                         your "motherfucking movie check." As 
                         you so succinctly put it. That's 
                         what's important here.JAYNo, Holden McNeil--what's important 
                         here is that there's a bunch of 
                         motherfuckers we don't even know 
                         calling us assholes on the Internet 
                         to a bunch of teenagers and guys who 
                         can't even get laid. Putting a stop 
                         to that is the most important thing 
                         we could ever do.
                              (off monitor)
                         When did it say they're making that 
                         movie?HOLDENThey start this Friday.JAYSo if today's Tuesday, that gives us--
                              (counts)
                         Eight days.HOLDENIt's more like three days.JAYRight. Three days to stop that stupid 
                         fucking movie from getting made! 
                         C'mon, Silent Bob--

               Jay and Bob stand and look at each other, filled with purpose.JAYWe're going to Hollywood.

               They stride off. Holden shakes his head.HOLDENNow that's what I call the Blunt 
                         leading the Blunt.EXT. BUS STATION--DAYJay and Silent Bob approach a bus that's labeled "Los 
               Angeles." They nod at each other and then climb aboard. After 
               a beat, they re-emerge.JAYTickets? Since when did they start 
                         charging for the bus?

               They head toward the depot.JAYDidn't we used to ride that shit to 
                         school every day for free?EXT. HIGHWAY--DAYThe bus roars past a sign that read: Leaving New Jersey.INT. BUS--SAMEJay makes his way up to the DRIVER.JAYWe in Hollywood yet?DRIVERIt's a three--day ride to Los Angeles, 
                         sir. We left twenty minutes ago.JAYI didn't ask you about Los Angeles. 
                         I asked you about Hollywood.DRIVERHollywood's in Los Angeles, sir.JAYDon't change the subject! Are we in 
                         Hollywood yet or not?DRIVERPlease sit down, sir.

               Jay glares at the Driver and heads back to his seat.JAYWhy don't you take your seat Ralph 
                         Kramden--

               Jay slumps into the seat beside Silent Bob.JAYI'm fucking bored, man. There ain't 
                         shit to so on this bus.

               Silent Bob mimes jerking off.JAYI already did that. Twice.

               Silent Bob shrugs, looking out the window, Jay looks across 
               the aisle and spots a CHILD IN A HELMET playing a handheld 
               video game. He leans over to him.JAYYo, Gretzky--lemme get a turn.CHILDLeave me alone, little kid.

               The Child gives him the finger. Jay goes wide-eyed, turning 
               to Silent Bob.JAYThat fuck called me a little kid and 
                         gave me the finger! Go kick his ass!

               Silent Bob offers an incredulous look, as if to say, "He's 
               ten years old."JAYYou're my muscle, ain'tcha?

               Silent Bob kind of nods.JAYSo go open a can of whup-ass on that 
                         little fuck, and get me his game!

               Silent Bob sighs and stands. He climbs over Jay into the 
               aisle and stands in front of the child. He looks at him and 
               registers doubt. He looks back to Jay, who waves him on. 

               Silent Bob steels himself, looks back to the kid and reaches 
               for his game. The Child emits a high-pitched scream and starts 
               punching himself in the head. Silent Bob dives back into his 
               seat, trying to look nonchalant. The Child stops crying. Jay 
               looks at Silent Bob.JAYYou're one tough motherfucker, you 
                         know that?EXT. HIGHWAY--DAYThe bus pulls over by the side of the road.INT. BUS--DAYThe Bus Driver heads down the aisle toward the back of the 
               bus, followed by pissed-off PASSENGERS.PASSENGERThey been in there going on half an 
                         hour now! Two of them! Doing God 
                         knows what!

               The Bus Driver bangs on the bathroom door and shouts.DRIVERThis bus isn't moving another inch 
                         unless you clear out of there right 
                         now!

               No answer. The Bus Driver bangs on the door harder.DRIVERDO YOU HEAR ME?! OPEN THIS DOOR!NOW!!The door handle turns, the door swings wide, and massive 
               amounts of smoke suddenly billow through the back of the 
               bus. The smoke clears to reveal Jay and Silent Bob squeezed 
               into the bathroom, holding a massive joint.JAYUm--I think something's burning back 
                         here.EXT. ROADSIDE--LATERAs the bus pulls away, Jay and Silent Bob are revealed, left 
               behind.JAYThe whole fucking world's against 
                         us, dude. I swear to God.

               Silent Bob nods. Jay sticks out his thumb and starts hitching.EXT. ROADSIDE--LATERJay and Bob are walking backwards, hitching still.JAYThis sucks balls, man. How come we 
                         ain't getting no rides?VOICE'Cause you're doing it all wrong.

               Jay and Bob look behind them. There's a GUY hitching as well.GUYYou gotta induce the drivers a little.JAYLike how?GUYLike this.

               The GUY holds out his sign to them. It reads: Will Give Head 
               For Ride.JAYYeah, but what happens when you get 
                         in the car, and you don't make with 
                         the head? Don't they kick your ass 
                         to the curb?GUYSure--if you don't make with the 
                         head.

               Jay and Bob look at him for a long beat. Then--JAYEww! You eat the cock?!?GUYYeah. If it'll get me a few hundred 
                         miles across country. I'll take a 
                         shot in the mouth.JAYYeah, but we ain't gay.GUYWell, neither am I. But have you 
                         seen the price of bus tickets lately? 
                         Shit--I don't wanna cough up two 
                         hundred bucks just to get to Chicago.JAYWell, I don't wanna cough up some 
                         dude's sperm!GUYDon't be so suburban--this is the 
                         new millennium. Gay, straight--it's 
                         all the same now. There're no more 
                         lines.

               Jay draws a line on the ground with his foot.JAYThere's one. On this side of it, we 
                         ain't gay.GUYAll hitchers do this. Why do you 
                         think people pick us up? If you get 
                         a ride, it's expected--I don't care 
                         who the driver is. It's the first 
                         rule in the Book.JAYWhat book?GUYThe unwritten Book of the Road.

               A TRUCK starts to pull over to the side of the road. The Guy 
               points to it, as if to say "See?" The passenger-side door 
               opens. The Guy climbs into the truck and closes the door. He 
               looks out the window at Jay and Bob.GUYFollow the rules of the Book, and 
                         you'll get where you're going in no 
                         time.  Excuse me.

               Through the windshield, Jay and Silent Bob see the Guy go 
               face-first into the TRUCK DRIVER'S lap. The Truck Drivers 
               smiles, and the truck takes off, roaring down the road.

               Jay and Silent Bob watch the truck disappear. Then, a CAR 
               pulls up. The NUN driving rolls down the passenger side window 
               and leans toward them.NUNYou two boys need a ride?INT. CAR--LATERThe NUN drives, smiling. Jay and Silent Bob sit in the back 
               seat, huddled close together, their eyes glued on the Nun.NUNYou both don't have to sit back there. 
                         One of you can sit up here with me.

               Silent Bob shakes his head "no" to Jay. Jay shrugs and climbs 
               up front.NUNSo where are you boys from?JAYNew Jersey.NUNWhat brings you to Indiana?JAYWe're going to Hollywood.NUNHollywood, hunh? That's a long ways 
                         away.JAYYeah--we're lucky you picked us up.NUNWell, do unto others. That's what 
                         the Book says.JAY(misinterpreting 
                              completely)
                         Wait a minute--you follow the Book, 
                         too?NUNI live my life by it.JAYReally? You?NUNOf course. You know how lonely it 
                         gets on the road? Thanks to the Book, 
                         I'm never alone--if you know what I 
                         mean.JAYI guess. This guy back there explained 
                         it to us. But I didn't think you'd 
                         be into that.NUNAre you kidding? I've dedicated my 
                         life to it. Every hour of every day.JAYShit--you nuns are alright.NUNYou live by the Book, too?JAYYou picked us up, didn't you? I gotta.NUNThat's good to hear. But it takes 
                         deed, not words. It's a lot easier 
                         to say you live by the Book than to 
                         actually do it.
                              (looks at him)
                         Can you do it?JAYYou want me to do it right now?NUNNo time like the present, right?

               Jay looks back at Silent Bob. Silent Bob shakes his head 
               "no." Jay shrugs them flips his hair over his shoulder, and 
               starts to bend down.JAYAlright.
                              (he suddenly stops)
                         You hear that? She's not a Catholic. 
                         She's a Presbyterian.

               Jay disappears below the dash, The Nun goes wide-eyed.EXT. ROADSIDE--DAYThe Nun's car screeched to the side of the road. Jay gets 
               kicked our of the front seat by the screaming Nun. Silent 
               Bob rushes out too, and the car races off. Jay's wipes his 
               mouth. He pulls a long curly hair from between his teeth.JAYDude--she had seventies bush.EXT. HIGHWAY--NIGHTJay and Bob continue hitching.JAYI can't believe this shit. Five hours 
                         and not a single ride. Every day, 
                         millions of people hitch to Hollywood 
                         and stop studios from making movies 
                         about 'em. But when you and me try 
                         it, it's like we're trapped in a 
                         fucking cartoon!

               A familiar-looking VAN pulls up in the other side of the 
               raid, The horn beeps.  Jay and Bob look at each other, shrug, 
               and race across the street, get in. The van pulls off.INT. VAN--NIGHTJay and Bob sit in the back of the can and stare at--

               A clean-cut GUY, a Bookish woman in glasses, a red headed 
               Beauty, a stoner DUDE, and a GREAT DANE.

               Jay looks at Silent Bob.JAYZoinks, yoGUYAnd now we can finally solve the 
                         mystery of the Hitchhiking Ghouls! 
                         Pull off their masks and let's see 
                         who they really are!BOOKISHI don't think they are masks.BEAUTYI don't think they're Hitchhiking 
                         Girls either.BOOKISHGhouls, you fucking moron. Not Girls.
                              (to herself)
                         Though I wish they were hitchhiking 
                         girls. Sexy, skimpily clad hitchhiking
                         girls--GUYLet's kick them out. We've got a 
                         mystery to solve.DUDEThe only mystery here is why we take 
                         our cues from a dick in a neckerchief!GUYKeep it up, Beatnik! I'll feed you 
                         to the fucking dog!BEAUTY(covering her ears; 
                              shrieking)I CAN'T TAKE ALL THIS FIGHTING!JAYYO!The Gang look to Jay and Bob.JAYYouse guys need to turn those frowns 
                         upside down! And we got just the 
                         thing for that.
                              (pulls out a bag of 
                              joints)
                         We call them Doobie Snax.INT. VAN--WEED VISIONAs Jay and Bob toke up, we go all SLO-MO and 70's freaky 
               (with the image seeming to SWIM). Through their stoned haze, 
               we see old-school witches, skeletons, and ghouls swirling 
               about their heads--the latter of which gets his mask taken 
               off to reveal a man inside a costume.

               Jay and Bob look at the gang, then take a hit off their joint 
               and look back.  Suddenly, the gang's engaged in total 
               debauchery: the Dude rides the windshield while the Guy 
               cackles insanely, blindfolded by his neckerchief. Bookish 
               and Beauty are in their underwear, making out with each other. 
               The Great Dane looks at Jay and Bob and says--GREAT DANERi, Ray rand Rirent Rob

               The Great Dane rolls over, revealing its RED THING sticking 
               way out of its sheath. It's monstrous. Jay and Bob go wide-
               eyed.JAYLook at his fuckin' lipstick!!! He's 
                         got a stoner-boner!!!

               Jay and Bob smile and pass out.

               We cut back to the gang, who now appear as they did prior to 
               Weed-Vision. They stare at the O.C. Jay and Bob.BEAUTYI think they passed out.GUYGreat. What do we do with them now?DUDELet's cut out their kidneys to sell 
                         on the black market and leave them 
                         in a seedy motel bathtub full of 
                         ice.BOOKISHOh God, not again?INT. SEEDY MOTEL BATHROOM--NIGHTJay lies in a bathtub full of ice, screaming. There's a scar 
               on his back.EXT. KANSAS CITY PARK--DAYJay wakes up suddenly, screaming. He startles Bob awake as 
               well, as he clutched at this back lifting his shirt to see 
               the scar. It's not there.JAYHoly shit, I had a horrible dream.
                              (looks around)
                         Yo, I'm hungry. Where can we get 
                         some breakfast?

               Bob looks around, and then locks on something O.C. He points, 
               and Jay looks, smiles widely, and nods.EXT. MOOBY'S FAST FOOD JOINT--DAYAn ESTABLISHING SHOT of the fast food eatery, as Jay and Bob 
               enter.INT. MOOBY'S FAST FOOD JOINT--SAMEAs the pair head for the counter, Jay notices a public 
               INTERNET TERMINAL. He tugs at Silent Bob's arm.JAYYo--check that shit out: the Internet. 
                         Let's see if those fucks said 
                         something new about us and that stupid 
                         flick.

               Bob shrugs, heading for the terminal. He inserts a dollar 
               and types, following it up with a mouse click. The pair look 
               at the screen and go wide-eyed.JAY"Any movie based on Jay and Silent 
                         Bob is gonna lick balls, because 
                         they both, in fact, lick balls. Namely 
                         each other's."

               Jay and Silent Bob look at each other, wide-eyed.JAYEww.
                              (reading further)
                         "Yes--they are real people. Real 
                         stupid people. Signed, Darth Randal."
                              (to Bob)
                         Motherfucker! It's time we wrote 
                         something back! Type this shit down.

               Silent Bob starts typing as Jay dictates.JAYAll you motherfuckers are gonna pay. 
                         You are the ones who are the ball-
                         lickers.  We're gonna fuck your 
                         mothers whole you watch and cry like 
                         little bitches. Once we get to 
                         Hollywood and find those Miramax 
                         fucks who are making the movie, we're 
                         gonna make 'em eat our shit, then 
                         shit our shit, then eat their shit 
                         which is made of our shit that we 
                         made 'em eat. Then all you 
                         motherfuckers are next.  Love, Jay 
                         and Silent Bob.

               Silent Bob finishes typing and presses "Return". He and Jay 
               nod at each other, then head over to the counter line, looking 
               up at the menu board.JAYThat'll fucking show 'em. Now we eat 
                         our Egga-Mooby-Muffins, then get 
                         back on the road, get to Hollywood, 
                         and stop that fucking movie from 
                         getting made. No more hairy-bush 
                         nuns, no more dogs. We keep our eye 
                         on the prize, and not let nothing--
                         and I mean NOTHING--distract me.

               As Jay finishes speaking, he looks to the O.C. doors and 
               freezes.  A gorgeous GIRL walks through the front doors, all 
               in SLO-MO to the tune of Prince's The Most Beautiful Girl in 
               the World. She's bathed in light, glowing.

               She bats her eyelashes, gliding toward us.

               Jay is mouth-agape wide eyed. Silent Bob looks at him, then 
               at the O.C.Girl. He slowly waves his hand in front of Jay's 
               eyes, getting zero response.JAY'S POVThe Girl smiles at us. His POV goes from her face, down to 
               her breasts, then down to her crotch.

               Jay moves past Silent Bob and meets the Girl in the middle 
               of the floor. He embraces her and lands a long, sweet kiss 
               on her mouth. After a beat, he starts fumbling like a teenager 
               to get to second base under her shirt, totally incongruous 
               with the music. The Girl kindly tries to deter him.

               But it's just a fantasy. Jay's still standing there next to 
               Silent Bob, but he is sporting a huge BONER. Silent Bob rolls 
               his eyes. He grabs a soda cup off the counter and sticks it 
               over Jay's boner, just as the Girl joins them in line. She 
               smiles at the zombified Jay.GIRL(off cup)
                         Oh my God. Do you get free refills 
                         with that?JAYOh, what--this? I just wear this for 
                         protection. You know--so no guys try 
                         to grab my shit.GIRLHi. I'm Justice.JAY(dreamily)
                         And I am so fucking yours--

               Silent Bob pokes Jay, who shakes of his daze.JAYI mean hi. I'm Jay. And this is my 
                         hereto life-mate, Silent Bob.JUSTICEIt's nice to meet you.JAYJustice, hunh? That's a nice name.
                              (under his breath, to 
                              Bob)
                         Jay'n'Justice, sitting in a tree. F-U-C-K-I-N-G--(back to Justice)
                         So you come here often?JUSTICEOh, I'm not from around here. My 
                         friends and I are taking a road trip, 
                         and we just stopped to grab something 
                         to eat.JAYYour friends, hunh? Where they at?JUSTICE(pointing)
                         Out there. By that van.

               Jay and Bob look past Justice to see a VAN with three other 
               gorgeous GIRLS stretching outside of it, throwing their hair 
               around, looking incredibly sexy.

               Without looking at Silent Bob, Jay quietly says to him--JAYDude--I think I just filled the cup.INT. VAN--DAYJay and Bob climb into the can, getting odd looks from the 
               other Girls, Justice follows them in, tossing the fast food 
               to her friends.JAYLadies, ladies, ladies! Jay and Silent 
                         Bob are in the Hizz-ouse!!!SISSYWho the fuck are these guys?JUSTICEThis is Jay and Silent Bob.
                              (to Jay and Bob)
                         Guys, this is Sissy, Missy, and 
                         Chrissy.CHRISSYWhere the fuck did they come from?JUSTICEI met 'em inside. They're gonna hitch 
                         a ride.SISSYI don't know if that's such a great 
                         idea. Jussy.JAYSure it is, Juggs.MISSYOh my god--he just called Sissy 
                         "Juggs"!CHRISSYI'm on it.

               Chrissy lunges toward Jay, pulling a knife.JUSTICEChrissy, no!

               Sissy stops Chrissy, shoving a burger into her hands.SISSYWe're in the middle of suburbia, 
                         Chrissy. Let's try to act like it.CHRISSYAnd what-stupid ass little foul-
                         mouthed bitch-boys don't get their 
                         balls cut off in suburbia?JAY(oblivious)
                         What's with the knife? We having 
                         cake or something?CHRISSYHoly shit--he's retarded, to boot.JAY(to Silent Bob)
                         Yo--she called you retarded.SISSY(to Justice)
                         What's wrong with you, Justice? You 
                         do remember where we're going, don't 
                         you?MISSYThat we do have a job to do?JUSTICEThey're just gonna tag along for a 
                         few miles. They won't get in the 
                         way, I promise.
                              (cutesy)
                         Please?SISSYFine--they can ride with us. But 
                         they're so out of here before we get 
                         to Boulder.JUSTICEHonest Injun.CHRISSY"Honest Injun"?
                              (to Sissy)
                         I can't believe what a pushover you 
                         are.JAYAnd I can't believe fine-ass bitches 
                         like yourselves eat that shit. Don't 
                         you know fast food makes girls fart?

               Suddenly, Jay and Bob are parted by BRENT, who's getting 
               into the van.BRENTSay--what's all this talk about 
                         farting?

               Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy immediately go from disgusted to 
               sweet and airy, totally switching characters.SISSY/CHRISSY/MISSYHi Brent!SISSYThis is Brent. He's with us, too.CHRISSYBrent, tell these sillies that girls 
                         don't fart.BRENTOf course they don't! Only skeevy 
                         stoners fart.

               The very white Brent puts his hand out to be slapped by Jay 
               and Silent Bob.BRENTWhat up, homies?
                              (off the Girls)
                         Wow, Three guys, four girls--
                              (to Jay and Bob)
                         What's the count boys?

               Jay and Bob look at each other and roll their eyes.EXT. HIGHWAY--DAYThe van drives down the road. We hear singing from inside.INT. VAN--DAYBrent strums a guitar and sings, as the Girls and Jay and 
               Bob listen, rolling eyes.BRENTHey there mister science-guy. Don't 
                         spray that aerosol in my eye. For I 
                         don't really want to die. I'm a noble 
                         rabbit!JAYWhat're you guys, like a cover band 
                         or something?SISSYWe're the Kansas State chapter of 
                         S.A.A.C.--Students Against Animal 
                         Cruelty.CHRISSYAnd we're on our way to Colorado to 
                         give Provasik a piece of our minds!

               Everyone lets out a whoop, except Jay and Bob.JAYWhat the fuck are you bitches babbling 
                         about?BRENTHey! Watch the language little boy. 
                         There are females present.

               Jay and Silent Bob eyeball Brent, until Justice distracts 
               them.JUSTICEProvasik Pharmaceuticals is a medical 
                         lab where they perform gross 
                         experiments on animals.JAYSo, what kind of animals are we 
                         talking about here--like bears and 
                         rhinos?BRENTNo--more like rabbits, dogs, cats... 
                         heck, even monkeys, If we don't speak 
                         for them, who will?
                              (touches Justice's 
                              arm)
                         Right, Jussy?

               Jay sees this and his eyes flare over the competition.  After 
               a beat, he relaxes.JAYHey, uh--Brent? Can I talk to you 
                         over here for a second?

               Brent joins Jay, strumming his guitar. Jay addresses him 
               confidentially.JAYBe honest, yo--you're down with this 
                         for the fine-ass pussy, right?BRENTI'm down with this because I love 
                         animals, stupid.JAYEven sheep?BRENTOf course. Sheep are beautiful 
                         creatures.JAYThey are beautiful, aren't they?BRENTOh God, yes.JAYSo then you'd fuck a sheep?BRENTWhat is your damage little boy? You've 
                         got a sick and twisted world 
                         perspective.JAYNo, you misunderstand me, Prince 
                         Valiant. I mean if you were another 
                         sheep.  Would you fuck a sheep if 
                         you were another sheep?BRENTI--suppose so.JAYThat's what I thought.
                              (suddenly loudly, to 
                              all)YO! THIS MOTHERFUCKER AIN'T ONE OFUS! HE JUST SAID HE'D FUCK A SHEEP!EXT. HIGHWAY--DAYThe side door of the van slides open and Brent gets hurled 
               out of the moving vehicle. Jay throws his guitar at him as 
               well, yelling and flipping the bird as the van drives off.JAYYA DIRTY SHEEP FUCKER!!!EXT. HIGHWAY--LATERThe van drives down the road.INT. VAN--SAMEMissy drives. Sissy sits in the passenger seat. Chrissy kneels 
               between them.CHRISSYWhat the fuck are we gonna do now?SISSYShut up, I'm thinking.

               In the back, Justice studies some blueprints. Jay joins her, 
               and she quickly folds them up.JAYIs Hollywood near where we're going?JUSTICEIs that where you guys are from?JAYCh'yeah, right. Jersey represent!JUSTICEOh, a Jersey Boy. What brings you 
                         all the way out here?JAYWell, we couldn't hang in front of 
                         the Quick Stop no more, 'cause of 
                         the strainen-en order, which sucks 
                         ass 'cause it's been like our home 
                         since we were kids. Silent Bob even 
                         busted his cherry there.JUSTICE(to Bob)
                         You did? I'll bet she was a lucky 
                         girl.

               Bob blushes, Jay doesn't like that Justice's attention has 
               strayed.JAYLook, fuck that fat fuck--I'm trying 
                         to tell a story here.JUSTICESorry.JAYAnyway, we were talking to Brodie 
                         and he said there's gonna be a 
                         Bluntman and Chronic movie. So we 
                         went to see Holden McNeil, and he 
                         showed us the Internet, and that's 
                         where we found all these fucking 
                         little jerkoffs were saying shit 
                         about us. So we decided to go to 
                         Hollywood and stop the movie from 
                         getting made.  And now we're here.JUSTICEWow. I have no idea what you just 
                         said.JAYYeah, I get that a lot. So you like 
                         animals, huh?JUSTICESure.JAYThat's cool. Even snakes?JUSTICEYou can't exclude an animal just 
                         because it's not cuddly. Of course I 
                         like snakes.JAYHow about trouser snakes?JUSTICEWhat's a trouser snake?

               Just then, a little JAY DEVIL appears on Jay's left shoulder.JAY DEVIL(to Jay)
                         What the fuck are you waiting for? 
                         She went for the setup! Reach in 
                         your fucking pants, and pull yer 
                         cock out, bitch! That's the kinda 
                         shit girls like!

               Suddenly another little JAY DEVIL appears in Jay's right 
               shoulder.JAY DEVIL 2Right about here's where the angel's 
                         supposed to show up and tell you not 
                         to pull your dick out. But we bitch-
                         slapped that little fuck and sent 
                         him packing, so it's smooth sailing. 
                         Let 'er rip, boy!

               They disappear in little puffs of smoke and Jay shoves his 
               hand down his pants, getting ready to whip out his dick, 
               when suddenly a little JAY ANGEL appears on his shoulder, 
               rubbing a swollen jaw.JAY ANGELSorry I'm late. So what's the deal 
                         here?
                              (looks down)
                         Oh, shit--you're not thinking of 
                         whipping your dick out at this fine 
                         piece of woman, are you?

               Jay thinks, then nods "Yes." The Jay Angel rolls his eyes, 
               and slaps him.JAY ANGELTell you what: look at Silent Bob. 
                         See if he thinks it's a good idea to 
                         whip your dick out.

               Jay looks to Silent Bob. Silent Bob looks from Jay's hand in 
               his pants to Jay and shakes his head "no," sternly. Jay 
               withdraws his hand from his pants. The Jay Angel nods, 
               satisfied.JAY ANGELThat's it, boy--put the dick down. 
                         You gotta go from the heart, yo. No 
                         little perv bullshit will do for 
                         this one. Be smooth. Be Don Juan de 
                         la Nootch. Now I gotta go beat the 
                         shit out of two suckerpunching little 
                         bitches. Remember--don't pull your 
                         dick out until she asks you to.
                              (beat)
                         Or until she sleeping. Bunnnnggg!  
                         The Jay Angel blinks away. Justice 
                         looks at Jay, a bit confused.JAYDon't ask.
                              (beat)
                         So, uh--what can a pimp-daddy like 
                         me do to help the animals?JUSTICEYou really don't want to help us--JAYWhat the fuck are you talking about? 
                         Sure I do. I'd do anything for you.

               Justice smiles. Jay tries to recover.JAYI mean, youse guys! I'd do anything 
                         for youse guys. For the lift and 
                         shit.JUSTICEYou sure?JAYSure, I'm sure. I said it, didn't I. 
                         FuckJUSTICEWell--okay. Let me talk it over with 
                         the other girls and get back to you.JAYYou do that.

               Jay takes Justice's hand and kisses it.JAYI'll be right here.

               He winks at her, smiles and moves to the other side of the 
               can, near Silent Bob.  He's still smiling at Justice and 
               winking when he looks to Silent Bob who stares at him blankly, 
               then imitates Jay's hand-kissing back at him, Jay scowls.JAYFuck you. Fatty.EXT. CONVENIENCE STORY--DAYThe van pulls up and all pile out, stretching. The Girls 
               head toward the store.  Justice calls over to Jay and Silent 
               Bob.JUSTICEYou guys want anything from inside?JAYNo, we're cool, thanks hon.

               Justice smiles and heads inside. Jay and Silent Bob study 
               the front of the foreign convenience store. They look for a 
               place to lean, try a few spots out, then settle into one. 
               After a beat--JAYIt just ain't the same, is it? This 
                         place licks balls compared to Quick 
                         Stop.

               Silent Bob shakes his head "Yeah."JAYAnd speaking of licking balls--how 
                         'bout that Justice chick? She is too 
                         fine.  And she smells so fucking 
                         pretty. She's got a nice voice, too. 
                         And that body?  Smoking. You know, 
                         she never once said "fuck off," when 
                         I was talking to her, or pulled out 
                         the pepper spray, or nothing. I tell 
                         ya, Lunchbox--she could be the one.INT. CONVENIENCE STORE--DAYJustice is at the microwave when she's suddenly surrounded 
               by the other girls.MISSYSmooth move, Justice.CHRISSY(slapping Justice 
                              upside the head)
                         Nice going, Four Eyes!JUSTICEOw!SISSYWhy the fuck did you let that little 
                         stoner throw Brent our of the van?!JUSTICEOh please--if I had to listen to one 
                         more of those stupid songs, I was 
                         going to throw him out myself.SISSYWe needed Brent, Justice! He was our 
                         patsy!JUSTICEWe'll find someone else. Besides, I 
                         didn't see you trying to stop Jay 
                         from throwing him out.SISSYBecause I didn't want to blow our 
                         cover!JUSTICECover, shmover--you all hated his 
                         songs, too.CHRISSYNot as much as I hate you.

               Justice offers Chrissy a cold glance,CHRISSYFuck, if I don't get to kill someone 
                         soon, I'm gonna--fucking kill someone!SISSY(rubbing Chrissy's 
                              shoulders)
                         Don't mind Chrissy. She's just a 
                         little too wound for sound.CHRISSYThen how about you help me take the 
                         edge off?

               Chrissy grabs Missy forcefully and the pair make out, hot 
               and heavy in the middle of the convenience store. Other 
               customers regard them wide-eyed.JUSTICE(to Customers)
                         They're really good friends.SISSY(TO CHRISSY AND MISSY)Would you two knock it off? We're in 
                         the fucking heartland here! Try to 
                         blend!JUSTICEThey already do--she's the milkmaid, 
                         and she's the cow.CHRISSYOh, I'm a cow, am I?  I'm a mad cow, 
                         bitch. And now I'm gonna rip your 
                         head off and fuck your spine stump.SISSYEnough!
                              (calm to Justice)
                         We have a very simple gang here, 
                         Justice. I'm the brains, Chrissy's 
                         the brawn, and Missy's the tech-girl. 
                         But lately, I'm having a hard time 
                         figuring out what you're doing here.JUSTICEThat makes two of us.CHRISSYShit--your name doesn't even fit the 
                         rhyme scheme.JUSTICEThat's because very few names rhyme 
                         with "douchebag."CHRISSY(getting in her face)
                         You're dancing on my last nerve, 
                         Strawberry Shortcake.
                              (to Sissy)
                         You deal with the weak link. I'm 
                         gonna take Missy into the dirty 
                         convenience store bathroom and hate-
                         fuck the shit out of her.

               Chrissy drags Missy off. Justice and Sissy watch them go.JUSTICEAnd you said letting them read all 
                         that Anais Nin wouldn't amount to 
                         anything.SISSYDon't change the subject. You know 
                         what you have to do now, right? Since 
                         you let our patsy slip away, you've 
                         gotta convince the little kid and 
                         that fat guy to take his place. 
                         They've gotta break into Provasik 
                         now.JUSTICEUh-uh!SISSYUh-huh. You'll do it; or you're out 
                         of this gang. Just use the little 
                         one's crush to convince him, since 
                         he's so fucking in love with you.JUSTICEJay? No he's not.SISSYWhat--am I blind? He wasn't kissing 
                         your hand back in the van like he 
                         was fucking Lord Byron?JUSTICEWell, maybe he was just raised with 
                         manners.EXT. CONVENIENCE STORE--DAYA GIRL walks past Jay and Bob, heading out of the store.JAY(to exited Girl)YO, BABY! YOU EVER HAVE YOUR ASSHOLELICKED BY A FAT MAN IN AN OVERCOAT?!(to Bob)
                         Yeah.INT. CONVENIENCE STORE--DAYSissy continues to confront Justice.SISSYYou're the one that brought the kid 
                         in, Jussy. So you've gotta make 
                         amends.JUSTICEJay is not taking Brent's place as 
                         the patsy.SISSYThat kid and his quite friend are 
                         our only options at this point. Now 
                         we got about two hours before we get 
                         to Boulder. That gives you plenty of 
                         of time to work on him.JUSTICEI'm not gonna do it.SISSYWhy the fuck not?JUSTICEBecause he's just to so innocent!

               Justice looks out the window and smiles, seeing Jay dancing 
               alongside Bob.JUSTICELook at him--EXT. CONVENIENCE STORE--SAMEJay's dancing still, but now we hear what he's SINGING to 
               Silent Bob.JAYI'm gonna finger-fuck her tight little 
                         asshole! Finger-bang and tea-bang my 
                         balls--in her mouth! Where? Where? 
                         In her mouth--balls-a-plenty in her 
                         mouth!  Balls, balls, sweaty balls--INT. CONVENIENCE STORE--SAMESissy eyeballs Justice, who's still looking out at Jay.SISSYWho's it going to be, Jussy--him or 
                         us?

               Justice looks at Sissy. Sissy nods at her. Justice looks 
               back out at Jay.INT. VAN--DAYJustice talks to Jay and Silent Bob.JAYSteal a monkey? Shit--no problem.JUSTICEIt's not really stealing--it's 
                         liberating it, and--
                              (finally hears him)
                         Wait a second--did you say, "No 
                         problem"?JAYYeah, Fuck--we steal monkeys all the 
                         time.
                              (to Bob)
                         Right, Lunchbox?

               Silent Bob glares at Jay.JUSTICEIt's not like it's a bad thing. It's 
                         for a good cause.JAYOh, it for the best cause, mon cheri--
                              (takes her hand)
                         The cause of love.
                              (kisses her hand, 
                              then releases)
                         Snoogans--JUSTICEWhat the heck is that?JAYWhat's what?JUSTICE"Snoogans," I believe it was.JAYWhat the fuck do you think it means? 
                         It means "I'm kidding."JUSTICEOhhh. Well, that's too bad.

               She smiles at Jay, touches his chin and heads to the front 
               of the van. Jay plays it cool until she's out of sight, then 
               humps silent Bob's leg like a dog.JAY(singing)
                         I can't believe I'm gonna get some 
                         pussy for stealing a monkey!
                              (speaking)
                         If I'd known it was that easy, I'd've 
                         been stealing monkeys since I was 
                         like seven and shit.

               Jay looks at Silent Bob, who clearly disapproves.JAYDon't, motherfucker. Don't you ruin 
                         this for me. Me and Justice are gonna 
                         get married one day, so don't be 
                         giving me that "we-ain't-stealing-no-
                         monkey" look.  I'm Morris Day; you're 
                         Jerome, bitch. Don't forget that. 
                         That girl? That girl's in love with 
                         me.

               Up front, Justice talks to Sissy, while Missy drives.JUSTICEThey're gonna do it.SISSYGood. They do their part--
                              (pats a video camera)
                         And we'll do ours.

               Justice eyes Sissy, then slumps in her seat.EXT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--NIGHTThe Van rolls up across the street from the Provasik Labs, 
               parking in front of another large building.INT. VAN--SAMEJay and Silent bob get out, along with Justice. They wear 
               Ninja masks. Missy and Chrissy follow.JUSTICERemember--we meet back here when 
                         you're done. You sure you're okay 
                         with this?JAYAs sure as I am that you're the 
                         hottest bitch I ever seen.

               Chrissy lunges at Jay, Missy holds her back, dragging Chrissy 
               away.JAYWhat's twisting that bitch's tits?JUSTICEMaybe it's because women don't like 
                         to be called "bitches," Jay.JAYThey don't? Well how 'bout "piece of 
                         ass"?JUSTICEHow about not.JAYWell, what the fuck am I supposed to 
                         call you, then?JUSTICESomething sweet, you big goof. 
                         Something nice.JAY(thinks; then)
                         Boo-boo kitty fuck.JUSTICE(laughing)
                         Okay.  That's a start.

               Sissy jumps out of the van, holding the video camera, aiming 
               it at Jay and Bob.SISSYJay, before you go, could you say 
                         something into the camera about the 
                         clitoris.JAYWhat?JUSTICE(to Sissy)
                         Man you are such a bitch--SISSY(off Justice; to Jay)
                         She's just a little embarrassed. 
                         See, Jussy and I are putting together 
                         this documentary for our Human 
                         Sexuality class, and we need a male 
                         perspective on the clitoris.JAYThe female clitoris?SISSYUh--yeah.JUSTICEJay, you don't have to do this.

               She elbows Sissy.JAYNah, it's cool, hon. There's a few 
                         things I can say about the clit that 
                         I's like you to hear.
                              (clears throat; into 
                              camera)
                         I am the master of the clit! I make 
                         that shit work! It does what ever 
                         the fuck I tell it to do!  No one 
                         rules the clit like me!
                              (off Silent Bob)
                         Not this little fuck! None of you 
                         little fucks out there! I am the 
                         clit commander!!! Remember that--
                         commander of all clits!

               Jay proceeds to make some pussy-eating faces. Justice shakes 
               her head at Sissy, who snaps the camera closed and smiles.SISSYAwesome. Knock 'em dead, Tiger.

               Sissy climbs back into the van.JAY(to Justice)
                         So--can I get a little kiss for good 
                         luck?

               Justice smiles at Jay, then kisses him sweetly on the lips.JAYSo--can I get a little blow job for 
                         good luck?

               Justice smiles and pulls Jay's mask down. He heads off, 
               revealing Silent Bob behind him, lips puckered, handing in 
               midair. Jay reached back into the frame, pulling Bob out. 
               Justice watches them go.SISSYJussy. C'mon.

               Justice climbs back into the van.INT. VAN--SAMEJustice sits, glaring at Sissy.SISSYHey, Lover-girl. You cock-block my 
                         authority again, you lose your fucking 
                         fronts, you got that?JUSTICEYes, sir.

               Sissy takes the tape out of the camera and hands it off to 
               Missy, beside whom is a bag full of high-tech equipment.SISSYPhase One, down. While we're executing 
                         Phase Two, you edit that tape and 
                         grab a new car.MISSYNo sweat.SISSYLet's suit up.EXT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--NIGHTJay and Silent bob tuck-and-roll across the front lawn, 
               stopping at the building. Silent Bob pulls a GRAPPLING GUN 
               out of his coat. He fires it into the air as Jay quickly 
               gives the "metal" sign, and the pair are lifted out-of-frame.INT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--NIGHTIt's dead quiet and still. Then, the pair smash through a 
               window, landing in the floor in a ball. They lift their Ninja 
               hoods. Jay glares at Silent Bob.JAYYou fat fuck--INT. VAN--NIGHTMissy peers through binoculars out the window.SISSYThey in?MISSYYou can say that.SISSYTime to shine. Let's go.EXT. VAN--NIGHTThe quartet piles out of the van, and we get our first look 
               at them: sexily geared up for action, wearing all black. 
               They head for a SEPARATE BUILDING.  Stopping at the front 
               door.

               Sissy gestures elaborately to Missy, and Missy gestures 
               elaborately back, racing away into the night. Justice offers 
               Sissy a look.JUSTICEYou are so gay.

               Chrissy sticks a box on the door and presses a button. On a 
               digital readout, numbers roll until they stop on four 
               different digits. The door lock CLICKS open.SISSYOnce we're inside, I want complete 
                         silence.
                              (holding up high-tech 
                              device)
                         Missy whipped this up. It counts our 
                         decibel level. If it goes into the 
                         red--alarm, we're dead. So not even 
                         the slightest noise, got it?

               Justice blows her off. Sissy enters the building, followed 
               closely by Chrissy.  Justice lingers at the door, taking one 
               last look back at the Provasik Building, fretting for Jay 
               and Bob.SISSY(pokes her head back 
                              out)
                         Justice! Move your ass!

               Justice heads inside. We PAN up to reveal a sign that reads:BOULDER DIAMOND EXCHANGE.INT. PROVASIK TESTING ROOM--NIGHTJay and Bob stand there, looking around the room.

               It's lines with cages, all of which contain sad-looking 
               ANIMALS.  A tear forms in silent Bob's eye. Jay rolls his 
               eyes and hits him.JAYStay frosty, you big fucking softie. 
                         We've got a job to do.

               Silent Bob nods and clicks on a flashlight. The pair wade 
               through the cages. Jay stops at an EMERGENCY BOX hanging on 
               the wall. Inside it, there's a pistol.JAYCheck this out, Lunchbox. Animal 
                         tranquilizer. This shit fucks you up 
                         like Percocets!

               Jay elbows the glass, breaking it. He takes the gun out and 
               tosses it to Bob.JAYHold this. Later, me and Justice can 
                         shoot each other with it and fuck 
                         like stoned test bunnies. Bunnggg.

               Silent Bob rolls he eyes and sticks the gun in his coat. The 
               pair look through the cages, until HEAR the distinct SOUND 
               OF A MONKEY. Jay directs Silent Bob's flashlight to the cage 
               from where the sound emitted. He smiles.JAY(reading)
                         "Suzanne." Boo-yah.INT. BOULDER DIAMOND EXCHANGE--NIGHTThe three Girls stand at the end of a large hallway. At the 
               other end is a glass case, full of DIAMONDS.

               Sissy pulls and aerosol can from her utility belt and sprays 
               the air in the hallway. She watches the decibel monitor, 
               which rises only slightly at the sound of the spray. Suddenly, 
               within the mist, laser beams become apparent.

               Sissy hands the decibel monitor to Chrissy and takes a few 
               steps back, shaking her hands to limber up. She then runs 
               forward and does an impressive series of flips down the 
               hallway, not touching a single laser beam.

               Chrissy checks the decibel monitor, which rises only slightly.

               Once Sissy's flipping comes to a stop at the other end of 
               the hallway near the Diamond case, she makes a hand gesture 
               to Justice. Justice nods, and proceeds to do the same series 
               of flips down the hallway, not tripping the alarm.

               Chrissy checks the decibel monitor, which rises only slightly.

               Justice lands beside Sissy, and then Sissy gestures to 
               Chrissy.

               Chrissy tosses the decibel monitor over the laser beams, 
               Sissy catches it, and the monitor rises only slightly.

               Then, Chrissy proceeds with her series of flips, which are 
               even more impressive than the other two, including running 
               up walls and pushing into handstand flips.  When she passes 
               the last laser beam, she lands between Sissy and Justice, 
               arms in the air like a gymnast. Then, she lets out a loud, 
               manly FART.

               The decibel monitor goes red and an alarm starts RINGING 
               through the building.CHRISSYHoly fuck--the little stoner was 
                         right--

               Sissy shutters the glass surrounding the Diamonds. She ours 
               them into a bag, and races back down the hallway, followed 
               by Justice and Chrissy.EXT. BOULDER DIAMOND EXCHANGE--NIGHTThe Girls emerge from the Diamond Exchange, just as Missy 
               pulls up in a CONVERTIBLE.CHRISSYBoom Box!

               Missy tosses a metal box to Chrissy, who catches it and races 
               toward the van, while Sissy and Justice pile into the 
               convertible.SISSYI can't believe it. Months of planning 
                         and it's all blown by a fucking fart.JUSTICEWe can't just leave them like this! 
                         That alarm's gonna bring the cops 
                         here any minute!SISSYThat was always the plan, Justice! 
                         They take the heat off of is long 
                         enough until we can get out of town!

               Chrissy attaches the metal box to the side of the van.CHRISSYKaboom, you little stoner fucks.

               The girls pull up in the convertible and Chrissy jumps into 
               the car with them.CHRISSYIt's set. Let's roll.

               The convertible screeches away, leaving the can sitting there. 
               The metal has magnetically attached to the side is counting 
               down from two minutes.INT. PROVASIK TESTING LAB--NIGHTJay and Bob carry a large canvas bag between them. Something 
               seems to move inside it. The head for the exit, but Silent 
               bob hesitates, offering a sad look to the animals in all the 
               cages. Jay hits him.JAYWhat the fuck are you looking at? 
                         There ain't no snacks here, man! Now 
                         we got what we came for, so let's 
                         get the fuck out!

               Silent Bob half-gestures to the cages, forlorn. Jay shakes 
               his head frustrated.JAYYeah, it's sad! But what the fuck 
                         are we supposed to do about it?

               Silent bob offers Jay a look.EXT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--NIGHTThe front doors burst open, spilling out Jay, Silent Bob 
               (carrying their bag), and HUNDREDS OF ANIMALS--cats, dogs, 
               birds, rabbits. All race off into the night.

               Jay and Bob race toward the van. Jay screams at it.JUSTICEJUSTICE! OPEN THE DOORS!Suddenly, Jay and Bob stop dead in their tracks.JAYOh shit--

               Three COP CARS screech up, the van between them and Jay and 
               Bob. The COPS leap out of their cruisers, guns drawn. Jay 
               looks to Bob, pissedCOPDROP THE BAG! BEFORE THIS THING TURNSEXPLOSIVE!The counter on the device attached to the van hits "0," and 
               the van BLOWS UP.  Jay and Bob get thrown backwards in one 
               direction, the Cops in the other.  On all fours, Jay looks 
               at the burning shell of the van, a tear forming in his eye.JAYJustice--

               We crane up from him as he bellows--JAYJUUUSSSTTTTIIIICCCCEEEE!!!!!!Silent Bob grabs Jay and drags him out of frame, still 
               carrying the bag.EXT. FEDERAL WILDLIFE MARSHAL'S OFFICE--DAYWe start on a sign on the door that reads: Federal Wildlife 
               Marshal, Colorado Field Office, then pull back to see a DEPUTY 
               opening the door and heading inside.INT. FEDERAL WILDLIFE MARSHAL'S OFFICE--DAYThe Deputy enters just as a FAX is coming through at an 
               operations board. He rips it off, reading it. His eyes go 
               wide.DEPUTYOh, fudge...
                              (calling off)
                         Marshal Willenholly!INT. BATHROOM--SAMEMARSHAL WILLENHOLLY sits on the bowl, staring at Four Legged 
               Law-Man magazine, eyeing it lustily. Below frame, he jerks 
               off.WILLENHOLLYYeah, you chug that ass-cock baby--
                         It takes two hands to hold doesn't 
                         it--?  Uhhh--

               As he climaxes, a ganging at the door disrupts him.WILLENHOLLYWHAT?! WHAT?! I'M READING!DEPUTY (O.S.)Sir, we got a report of a break-in 
                         at Provasik Pharmaceuticals' testing 
                         lab.

               Willenholly emerges from the bathroom, holding the magazine. 
               There's a massive wet spot on the front of his pants.WILLENHOLLYHave you read this article on the 
                         mule-suckers in Tijuana? Good God, I 
                         wish that was in our jurisdiction--
                         I'd shut down every last one of those 
                         ass-cock chuggers, personally.

               The Deputy looks at the stain on Willenholly's pants, then 
               at Willenholly.WILLENHOLLYWhat? "Ass" means "donkey."DEPUTYYes, sir.
                              (hands him a fax)WILLENHOLLY(looks at fax)
                         Boulder, hunh? Well, gas up the jet.DEPUTYWe don't have a jet, sir. And 
                         Boulder's only ten minutes away.WILLENHOLLYThen gas up the next best thing.EXT. PROVASIK MEDICAL LABS--DAYThere are FIRE TRUCKS all over the place now. The burned out 
               van is being poured over by Cops. Just then, Willenholly 
               pulls up on a MOPED. He parks it and surveys the wreckage.WILLENHOLLYMy, oh my, oh my. Who let the cats 
                         out?
                              (thinks)
                         Wait--is that right?COP 1 (O.S.)Excuse me--who the hell are you?

               Willenholly rips down the Velcro patch on his jacket, 
               revealing a badge.WILLENHOLLYFederal Wildlife Marshal. This 
                         investigation is now under my 
                         jurisdiction.COP 1Oh really? And why is that?WILLENHOLLYBecause someone let a whole mess of 
                         animals out of their cages, sir.COP 1Well, we believe that was just a 
                         diversionary tactic used to call 
                         attention away from the real heist 
                         over here at the Diamond Exchange.WILLENHOLLYYeah, right. That's a believable 
                         scenario. It sounds more like 
                         something out of a bad movie.

               Willenholly and the Cop look at the camera. Then, another 
               COP joins them.COP 2Sir, the Provasik people say they've 
                         rounded all their animals up, except 
                         for one: an orangutan.WILLENHOLLYListen up, ladies and gentlemen! Our 
                         fugitive has been on the run for 6 
                         hours!  Average simian foot speed 
                         over uneven ground--barring injuries 
                         or preoccupation with tire tubes, 
                         mites or bananas--is four miles an 
                         hour. That gives us a radius of twenty 
                         miles.COP 3(calling out from 
                              crowd)
                         Twenty-four, sir!WILLENHOLLYWhat?COP 3Six hours times four miles an hour 
                         is twenty-four.WILLENHOLLY(doing the math in 
                              his head)
                         Yes. Yes, you're right. My bad. Twenty-
                         four miles. Now what I want out of 
                         all of you is a hard target search.COP 4Excuse me, sir?WILLENHOLLYYeah?COP 4What does that mean, exactly--a "hard 
                         target search"? What's a "hard 
                         target"?WILLENHOLLYWell. It's--a target--that's--hard. 
                         Anyway--COP 4So are you referring to the search's 
                         level of difficulty? Or is the hard 
                         target the monkey?COP 3Or the people who stole the monkey?

               The COPS now chatter amongst themselves, to the effect of 
               "Yeah--It could mean that too--He's got a point--,"etc. 
               Willenholly rubs his temples.WILLENHOLLYOkay, how about this? What I want 
                         out of all of you is a thorough search 
                         of every gas station, residence, 
                         warehouse, farmhouse, henhouse, 
                         outhouse, and doghouse in that area! 
                         Checkpoints go up at fifteen miles!COP 1Wouldn't it make sense to put them 
                         up at every twenty-four miles--seeing 
                         as that's how far they'd have gotten 
                         in the last six hours?

               They begin chattering amongst themselves again. Willenholly 
               looks at them all, defeated. He starts to cry.WILLENHOLLYThis is so frustrating. It's just so 
                         hard sometimes--
                              (yelling)YOUR FUGITIVE'S NAME IS SUZANNE! GOFIND HER!Another COP joins Willenholly, carrying a large, fat envelope.COP 5Sir, this was just delivered to the 
                         station.WILLENHOLLYWhat is it?COP 5It's a tape from the terrorists who're 
                         claiming credit for the break-in.WILLENHOLLYIs it VHS or Beta? You know what--
                         never mind. Do you have a VCR?INT. OFFICE--DAYWillenholly and the Cops stare at the O.C. TV, shocked, as 
               the video ends.WILLENHOLLYOh my God--
                              (without looking up)
                         Have the jet gassed up and ready to 
                         go at a moment's notice.COPSir, we don't have a jet; just a 
                         helicopter.WILLENHOLLY(dialing his cell 
                              phone)
                         Doesn't anybody have a jet anymore?
                              (into cell phone)
                         Plafsky? It is Willenholly. You gotta 
                         get me on the national news, pronto. 
                         Why?!  Because we may very well be 
                         dealing with the two most dangerous 
                         men on the planet!EXT. UTAH ROADSIDE--DAYJay and Silent Bob sit close to each other, staring at--

               SUZANNE (the ORANGUTAN)--who sits on a log across from them, 
               staring back.JAYThis is Jussy's monkey
                              (to Suzanne, angrily)JUSTICE DIED FOR YOU, YOU MONKEYFUCK!Suzanne covers her eyes with her hands suddenly. Jay and 
               Silent Bob, startle, with Jay leaping behind Silent Bob and 
               pulling back as if he's going to strike.JAY(to Silent Bob)
                         Do something. Tons of Fun!

               Silent Bob offers the ape a weak wave. Suzanne drops her 
               hands from her face and waves back. Jay cranes his neck to 
               see over silent Bob.JAYIs that fucking thing waving at us?

               Suzanne nods. Jay steps out from behind Bob. They state at 
               the ape.JAYHoly shit? That monkey understood 
                         us! Maybe it's some sort of super-
                         monkey!

               Suzanne offer them a "raspberry." Spitting as if the comment 
               was ridiculous. Jay and Silent Bob react with surprise at 
               this.JAYWhat the fuck was that for? It's not 
                         a stupid idea! I seen it in Congo?

               Suzanne holds her nose, as if to say, "Congo stunk." Silent 
               Bob smiles in agreement and amusement. Jay looks at him, 
               stung.JAYYou're my bitch. You get my back. 
                         Don't go joining this chimp's side.

               Jay looks around the woods, formulating a thought. Silent 
               Bob moves toward the ape, extending his hand to shake hers.JAYYo--what if there's more super monkeys 
                         up in the lab? Maybe they're making 
                         an army of 'em up there! Holy shit! 
                         Maybe it's a conspiracy--like on the 
                         X-Files Roswell--style!

               JAY'S DELUSION: We enter into JAY'S HEAD and see--INT. LAB--DAYWe PAN over from a chimp in a chemist's coat measuring liquids 
               in a pair of beakers to a chimp at a drafting table sketching 
               blueprints for an insidious war machine. An orangutan shakes 
               hands with a group of five well-dressed men, one of which 
               looks like the Cigarette Smoking Man from the X-Files.JAY (V.O.)Working in secret with a crew of 
                         double-dealing, nicotine-fiending 
                         fucks that're selling out the human 
                         race, these supermonkeys will use 
                         simian science and their genius IQ's 
                         to make man and monkey alike believe 
                         that they're the superior species!EXT. BALCONY--DAYA monkey dressed like Mussolini addresses a huge crowd of 
               apes, who wave fists in the air.JAY (V.O.)Then all it'll take is one little 
                         monkey in a spiffy suit to whip the 
                         dumber chimps into a frenzy, until 
                         they go all ape-shit and start 
                         demanding more bananas, better pay, 
                         and human flesh!EXT. FIELD--DAYRandal leads a pack of humans racing through a cornfield, 
               and is shot in the neck. He collapses, revealing a GORILLA 
               on horseback holding a rifle. Two other Gorillas throw a net 
               over him.JAY (V.O.)You'll have to be faster than Walt 
                         Flanagan's Dog to outrun the warrior 
                         gorillas, who hunt humans for sport, 
                         profit, and the occasional inter-
                         species blow-job. And if you don't 
                         wind up with a monkey hog in your 
                         mouth, you'll be captured, killed or 
                         worse...INT. LAB--DAYCornelius and Zera-looking chimps dissect the brain of a 
               living, screaming, Dante.JAY (V.O.)Eaten alive!EXT. QUICK STOP--DAYThe Quick Stop is overrun by vines in a jungle like 
               atmosphere. Monkeys exit the store carrying bunches of 
               bananas. The sign now reads: Ape StopJAY (V.O.)Then these monkey fucks'll start 
                         wearing our clothes and rebuilding 
                         the world in their image.EXT. BEACH--DAYWe start on a FULL SHOT of Jay on the beach, looking up, 
               then SNAP ZOOM OUT to REVEAL Jay kneeling before the beach 
               buried Statue of Liberty, screaming, his arms raised.JAY (V.O.)And only those who outwit those damn 
                         dirty apes'll ever remember that it 
                         was MAN who once ruled the earth!JAY(at statue)YOU MANIACS! DAMN YOUSE!!! GODDAMNYOUSE ALL TO HELL!!!WE DISSOLVE FROM THIS IMAGE TO:EXT. UTAH ROADSIDE--DAYAnother close-up of Jay's painted face. Behind him, Suzanne 
               and Silent Bob are playing patty-cake. Jay eyes Suzanne 
               angrily.JAYNot on my watch, motherfucker!

               Jay turns and rushes Suzanne, ferociously.JAYDIE, YOU SUPER-MONKEY FUCK! DIE!!!Jay trips on a root poking out of the ground and hits the 
               dirt. Suzanne then goes over to Jay, pulls his face to hers, 
               and kisses him on the lips.JAYAlright--you can live. For now.

               Silent Bob helps Jay to his feet.JAYYou see that? Bitches love me.
                              (heading off)
                         Besides--we're in the fucking clear, 
                         yo. It's not like anyone knows we 
                         stole the monkey.INT. TV NEWS STATION--DAYAn ANCHORMAN addresses the camera.ANCHORMANI'm Reg Hartner and this is a News 
                         Now bulletin. A Provasik animal 
                         testing facility in boulder was the 
                         focus of an attack by a terroristic 
                         primate rescue syndicate calling 
                         themselves the Coalition for 
                         Liberation of Itinerant Tree-Dwellers. 
                         Or simply, C.L.I.T.

               A graphic of the C.L.I.T. logo appears beside him, nailing 
               home the joke.ANCHORMANIn a videotape sent to authorities 
                         this morning, credit for the 
                         liberation of an orangutan from the 
                         lab last night is taken by these men--

               A VIDEO CAPTURE of JAY and SILENT BOB from pre-break--in 
               appears on screen.ANCHORMAN--identified in literature that 
                         accompanies the tape as Jay and Silent 
                         Bob. In this chilling clip, they 
                         make it very clear that they are in 
                         control of the C.L.I.T.

               On screen is the C.L.I.T. Logo. A digitized voice narrates.DIGITIZED VOICEWe are the C.L.I.T. None of you are 
                         safe. Now tremble before the might 
                         of our merciless leader.

               The logo gives way to the video of Jay and Bob that Sissy 
               shot before the Provasik break-in. Jay's yelling into the 
               camera.JAYI AM THE CLIT COMMANDER!!!Coming out of the video footage, the Anchorman shakes his 
               head, chilled.ANCHORMANTerrifying. Here to help us understand 
                         this footage is Federal Wildlife 
                         Marshal Willenholly.

               PULL OUT to reveal Willenholly beside the Anchorman.ANCHORMANMarshal, what can you tell us about 
                         the C.L.I.T.?WILLENHOLLYFrom the intelligence we've been 
                         able to gather, we've discovered 
                         that the C.L.I.T. is a tiny offshoot 
                         of the L.A.B.I.A.ANCHORMANThe Liberate Apes Before Imprisoning 
                         Apes movement.WILLENHOLLYExactly. The men you saw in the video 
                         are believed to be the masterminds 
                         responsible for the frenzied C.L.I.T. 
                         activity last night. They go by the 
                         obvious code names "Jay" and "Silent 
                         Bob."
                              (to camera)
                         If you should come across them or 
                         any other C.L.I.T.-ies, please--
                         exercise extreme caution.INT. POTZEK'S INC. OFFICE--NIGHTOn the TV screen is Willenholly and the video capture of Jay 
               and Silent Bob.  Holden looks up from his drawing table, 
               shocked.ANCHORMAN (O.S.)(from TV)
                         Marshal, how do you respond to 
                         allegations that Federal Wildlife 
                         Marshal's Office allowed the C.L.I.T. 
                         to slip through their fingers?WILLENHOLLY (O.S.)Nonsense. We're all over the C.L.I.T., 
                         Reg.HOLDEN(shakes his head)
                         Nights like this, I miss dating a 
                         lesbian.INT. QUICK STOP--NIGHTFrom behind the register, Dante and Randal stare at the TV, 
               slack-jawed.ANCHORMAN (O.S.)(from TV)
                         Is there also speculation that Jay 
                         and Silent bob may be responsible 
                         for the Diamond Exchange jewel heist 
                         that occurred in the same vicinity 
                         of downtown Boulder last night?WILLENHOLLY (O.S.)There's nothing to suggest that, no. 
                         But these men are still to be 
                         considered very dangerous.RANDAL(to Dante)
                         I told you that restraining order 
                         was a good idea.EXT. SEEDY MOTEL ROOMS--SAMEOn the second-floor terrace of a run-down, roadside motel, 
               Sissy, Missy and Chrissy dance in their undies and drink 
               champagne. On the first floor terrace below, Justice leans 
               against the open sliding glass door, watching the news report 
               on a TV inside the room with the volume turned way up.ANCHORMAN(on TV)
                         Is that your cell phone?WILLENHOLLY(on TV)
                         Yes, Excuse me.
                              (on TV, into cell 
                              phone)
                         Federal Wildlife Marshal. I'm on my 
                         way!
                              (shuts phone; to 
                              anchorman)
                         We got 'em. They're in Utah.
                              (to camera)
                         Citizens of Utah--steer clear of the 
                         C.L.I.T. Stimulation of the C.L.I.T. 
                         is not recommended.

               Justice turns the TV off and yells up to Sissy.JUSTICEYour tape worked. The news is all 
                         about Jay and Silent Bob's Provasik 
                         break-in, with almost no mention of 
                         the Diamond heist.SISSY(yelling down to 
                              Justice)
                         I told you those two were the perfect 
                         patsies. Now we lay low for awhile--
                         just in case--and start planning the 
                         next job.JUSTICEDon't you feel any regret? Jay and 
                         Bob don't deserve this. They were 
                         really sweet.CHRISSYThe only thing I regret is not gutting 
                         that little trout-mouthed prick like 
                         a fish and playing Twister with his 
                         vitals.MISSYYou are so nasty.CHRISSYI'll show you nasty, you little slut.SISSYWould you two get a room?CHRISSYFine--we'll take yours.
                              (getting up in Sissy's 
                              face)
                         I am gonna stain your sheets, bi-
                         otch.

               Chrissy dances away with Missy, heading inside. Sissy rolls 
               her eyes.SISSYSarah Lawrence girls. Go figure.JUSTICEThey're your gang.SISSYOh and not yours? You know, I don't 
                         get you, Justice. You used to be all 
                         about the girl stuff: stealing, 
                         boning, blowing shit up. Now you're 
                         like this little priss with a 
                         conscience. It's really a fucking 
                         drag.JUSTICEWe all gotta grow up some time.SISSYIf moping around over some little 
                         boy you're crushing on is being grown-
                         up, then pass me my Wonder Woman 
                         underoos.JUSTICEDon't you feel the least bit of guilt 
                         for what we did to those guys?SISSYAwww. Does Jussy-wussy feel all dirty 
                         about setting up her boyfriend? Then 
                         how about taking a shower?

               Sissy dumps the bag of diamonds over the side of the terrace. 
               They rain down on Justice below. Just then a PIZZA DELIVERY 
               GUY approaches the lower terrace, carrying a stack of pizzas.PIZZA DELIVERY GUYYou the gals that ordered the pizzas?SISSYThis dopey bitch ordered the large 
                         plain, but I could go for some hot, 
                         thick, Sicilian.PIZZA DELIVERY GUYNo charge, lady.  He rushes into the 
                         motel, Justice sighs, looking up at 
                         the stars.JUSTICE(quietly)
                         I'm sorry, Jay.INT. DINER--DAYJay, Silent Bob, and Suzanne sit at a booth, eating. Jay 
               chews a burger while Silent Bob eats pancakes and Suzanne 
               digs into a banana split.JAYYou know, Justice died trying to 
                         save this monkey, so maybe we should 
                         keep her around. That way, we can 
                         honor her memory.

               Silent bob and Suzanne are oblivious, digging into their 
               food.JAYLook at you Tubby Bitches. I'm waxing 
                         all sentimental, and you're all about 
                         a fucking meal and shit. Now ain't 
                         you glad we stopped to eat?  And you 
                         were all piss-scared the cops'd bust 
                         us or something. You know what I 
                         say?
                              (singing, a la NWA)VOICE (O.S.)(via bullhorn)THIS IS THE UTAH STATE POLICE! WEKNOW YOU'RE IN THERE COME OUT WITHYOUR HANDS IN THE AIR, AND SURRENDERTHE ORANGUTAN!Jay and Bob freeze and go wild-eyed for a beat. Then--JAYYou think they're talking to us?EXT. DINER--DAYThere's a few COP CARS outside, and the SHERIFF is yelling 
               at the diner through his bullhorn. Beside him are the otherCOPS.SHERIFFYOU HAVE SIXTY SECONDS TO COMPLY.(to other COPS)
                         Fuck it, Let's give 'em thirty.

               Suddenly Willenholly rushes up, dramatically ducking behind 
               the car, gun drawn.SHERIFFThe ape.WILLENHOLLYWhat?SHERIFFAn orangutan's a member of the great 
                         ape family. It's not a monkey.WILLENHOLLYLook, who's the Federal Wildlife 
                         Marshal here?
                              (into bullhorn)JAY AND SILENT BOB, THIS IS FEDERALWILDLIFE MARSHAL WILLENHOLLY! YOURC.L.I.T.  DOESN'T STAND A CHANCE.SURRENDER THE MONKEY IMMEDIATELY,AND YOU WON'T GET SHOT!INT. DINER--DAYJay, Suzanne, and Silent Bob peer over the top of their booth, 
               like scared rats.JAYWhat the fuck are you waiting for? 
                         Go out there and give 'em the monkey.

               Silent Bob looks to Jay, shocked.JAYOh, what, man? I said that shit before 
                         I knew they were gonna shoot us!  
                         Yes--Jussy was a hottie, but I ain't 
                         takin' no bullet for no monkey!

               Bob pulls Suzanne close to him, welling up with tears. Jay 
               rolls his eyes.JAYOh, brother--this is like something 
                         out of fucking Benji! Look man, maybe 
                         it's not that bad back at the lab! 
                         Maybe they experiment on 'em by, 
                         like making 'em fuck a bunch of 
                         different, good-looking monkeys. We 
                         don't know! Maybe they got it real 
                         sweet!

               Suzanne shakes her head "no." Bob points to her, as if she's 
               strengthening his point.JAY(to Suzanne)
                         You stay out of this, you weepy little 
                         chimp!
                              (looks around thinking)
                         Fuck man, I ain't no strategist! 
                         You're the guy that makes the 
                         blueprints! I don't even have the 
                         fucking smarts of a little--

               Jay's eyes fall on a scared FAMILY in a nearby booth. There's 
               a little kid (around five or so), and he's wearing a hooded 
               sweatshirt and a baseball cap.JAY--kidEXT. DINER--DAYWillenholly's on the bullhorn, yelling at the diner. The 
               Sheriff looks on.WILLENHOLLYANYONE NOT HARBORING A FUGITIVE MONKEYBETTER HIT THE DECK!  WE'RE GOING TOOPEN FIRE!(to cops)
                         Everyone has bullets in their guns, 
                         right?

               Jay and Silent Bob emerge from the diner, with Suzanne between 
               them (they're holding her raised hands). She's now dressed 
               up in the sweatshirt and jeans the kid was wearing in the 
               diner, with the baseball cap pulled down over her face.  
               It's a pretty piss-poor disguise.JAYDon't shoot! We're just trying to 
                         take our son out of this hostile 
                         environment!

               From behind the cop car, the Sheriff looks to Willenholly.SHERIFFTheir "son"?WILLENHOLLYMaybe they're one of those gay 
                         couples?

               Jay seizes on the idea. Silent Bob nods fervently.JAYYeah! We're gay! And this is our 
                         adopted love child! We're not from 
                         around here!  Don't make us go back 
                         to our liberal city home with a tales 
                         of prejudice and bigotry in the heart 
                         of Utah!
                              (whispers to Bob)
                         You see the shit I gotta put up with 
                         for you! Now I got this guy thinking 
                         I'm gay!WILLENHOLLYOh God, this is the last thing I 
                         need--a bunch of uppity homosexuals 
                         shooting their mouth off in the 
                         liberal press that the Federal 
                         Wildlife Marshal's Office persecutes 
                         gays.SHERIFFARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY! THOSE TWO MAYBE GAY, BUT THAT AIN'T THEIR SON!THAT'S THE APE!WILLENHOLLYYou see this badge?  I think I'd 
                         recognize an ape if I saw one. And 
                         the only thing I do recognize here 
                         is a political fiasco I'm, going to 
                         avoid by letting this butt-fucking 
                         Brady Bunch go!

               Jay is whispering to Silent Bob, still vexed by--JAYAnd I'll tell you another thing: 
                         what if that guy shows up around the 
                         stores one day and starts telling 
                         everybody you and me are poo-gilists? 
                         How are we gonna get any pussy then, 
                         hunh?WILLENHOLLY (V.O.)YOU ARE FREE TO LEAVE, SIRS!Jay and Silent Bob look at each other, shocked. They look 
               back out at Willenholly, who's yards away. Jay points at 
               himself, as if to say, "Me?"WILLENHOLLY(via bullhorn)YES, YOU, SIRS.JAY(calling over)
                         So we can just go?WILLENHOLLY(via bullhorn)
                         Yes, sir--or ma'am. Please accept my 
                         apologies for detaining you and your 
                         unorthodox-but-constitutionally-
                         protected-family unit.SHERIFF(amazed)
                         Un-fucking believable.JAYI'd like to offer a big gay thank-
                         you, sir. We'll tell all our gay 
                         friends that Utah is Gay friendly 
                         country for gays who are gay.WILLENHOLLYI'm sure Utah appreciates that. You 
                         might also want to make it clear 
                         that the Federal Wildlife Marshal's 
                         Office is also pro-'mo as well.
                              (winks at the sheriff)
                         And might I add, that's one fine-
                         looking boy you're raising.JAYWell, that's 'cuz he's from my sperm. 
                         See, I knocked up a hot woman friend 
                         of ours who I also fuck on the side. 
                         So as not to be all-the-way-gay. But 
                         my tubby husband here is one hundred 
                         percent queer. He loves the cock.WILLENHOLLYHe certainly looks insatiable.JAY'ByeWILLENHOLLY'Bye

               Jay, silent Bob and Suzanne head off down the road. 
               Willenholly and all watch them go. The Sheriff is livid.WILLENHOLLYWell, it's not my way--but damned if 
                         there doesn't go one happy family.
                              (balloon two)
                         Now, we just shoot some tear gas 
                         into that diner, and when the two 
                         guys run out with the monkey, we'll--

               Willenholly suddenly freezes, thinking. He looks to the 
               Sheriff.WILLENHOLLYThat was the them, wasn't it?EXT. ROAD--DAYJay, Silent Bob and Suzanne are laughing.JAYI said you "love the cock"! I gotta 
                         be the craftiest motherfucker alive!

               GUNSHOTS RING OUT, and bullets whiz by the trio, who are now 
               in full panic mode.

               Willenholly and the Cops race after them, firing.

               Jay, Bob and Suzanne race away, ducking bullets.JAYFLEE, FAT-ASS, FLEE!!!EXT. DAM ROAD--DAYThe trio race across what looks like a bridge (but isn't), 
               shots still ringing out. Jay spots a manhole. He points at 
               it, screaming.JAYHEAD FOR THE SEWERS!Silent Bob pops the cover off, With bullets ricocheting all 
               around them, Jay leaps into the manhole.INT. SEWER TUNNELJay lands in a sewer tunnel (like in The Fugitive). Suzanne 
               lands on top of him.JAYTake your stinking paws off me, you 
                         damn dirty ape!
                              (yelling up)YO LUNCHBOX! HURRY UP!EXT. DAM ROAD--DAYBullets hitting the pavement around him, Silent bob dives 
               into the sewer grate as well, but--INT. SEWER TUNNELSilent Bob gets stuck. Jay rolls his eyes.JAYYou fat fuck.

               Silent Bob struggles while Jay and Suzanne try to pull him 
               through the hole.JAYYou just--had to--order pancakes--
                         didn't ya?EXT. DAM ROAD--SAMECLOSER on the running Willenholly and Sheriff.WILLENHOLLYFire a warning shot into that bulbous 
                         ass!SHERIFFOne rectal breach, coming up!INT. SEWER TUNNEL--SAMEJay and Suzanne pull with all their might. Bob strains.JAYSUCK IT IN! THINK THIN! THINK THIN!!!EXT. DAM ROAD--SAMETIGHT on the Sheriff, as he squints to aim.SHERIFFOpen up and say "ahhhhh," you stoner 
                         sumbitch--INT. SEWER TUNNEL--SAMETIGHT on Silent Bob bellowing.SILENT BOBAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!EXT. DAM ROAD--DAYThe Sheriff's gun fires.INT. SEWER TUNNEL--SAMEJay and Suzanne fall backwards, as Silent Bob pops through.JAYINCOMING!!!SILENT BOBAAAIIIGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!SUZANNEOOOOOOOOO!!!EXT. DAM ROAD--DAYThe bullet ricochets off the curb, as Silent Bob's feet slip 
               through.INT. SEWER TUNNEL--SAMEJay, Silent Bob, and Suzanne are in various states of 
               collapse. Jay and Bob look up at the hole.JAYJust like Winnie-the-Pooh.EXT. DAM ROAD--DAYWillenholly and the Sheriff arrive at the manhole.WILLENHOLLYWow! That was an incredibly daring 
                         escape!
                              (to Sheriff)
                         You must see that a lot, hunh?SHERIFFShut up!WILLENHOLLYSire, you're very taciturn.

               Willenholly starts rolling up his sleeves as the sheriff 
               looks on.WILLENHOLLYYou and your men stay up here. When 
                         I corner them, I'll call you for 
                         back-up.SHERIFFWhat're you doing? They're trapped. 
                         The only way they can get out of 
                         there is right here.WILLENHOLLYA Federal Wildlife Marshal doesn't 
                         wait for his prey to come to him. He 
                         comes to it. Or goes to it. Is it 
                         "comes to it" or "goes to it"?
                              (shakes it off)
                         I'm going in there. I'm counting on 
                         you Sheriff.

               Willenholly embraces the Sheriff.WILLENHOLLYYou've taught me so much.

               Willenholly then climbs into the sewer, disappearing. The 
               Cops look at the Sheriff for a beat, who heads O.C. saying--SHERIFFFuck this asshole. Let's go back to 
                         the station and get some donuts.INT. SEWER TUNNEL--DAYTIGHT on Jay, Bob, and Suzanne, looking into the distance, 
               bathed by natural light. We HEAR the loud sounds of water 
               rushing.JAYThis reminds me of the night I fucked 
                         your mom, yo. One big-wet, smelly, 
                         gaping hole, and me wishing I had a 
                         board tied to my ass--

               PULL BACK to reveal Jay, Silent Bob and Suzanne standing at 
               the precipice of the sewer tunnel that pokes out of a DAM. 
               Water rushed below.JAY--to keep from falling in.WILLENHOLLYPUT THE MONKEY DOWN AND YOUR HANDSUP!Willenholly aims his gun at the trio's backs.WILLENHOLLYMISTERS, DO YOU WANNA GET SHOT?!?Our heroes comply, but Jay speaks.JAYLOOK MAN--SHE DOESN'T WANT TO GOBACK! THEY'RE EXPERIMENTING ON HER!(beat)AND FOR THE RECORD, I AIN'T REALLYGAY!WILLENHOLLYI DON'T CARE!(beat)AND FOR THE RECORD, I KNEW THAT WASN'TREALLY A LITTLE BOY.JAYSURE, FOR ONE MORE RECORD--(pointing to Silent 
                              Bob)HE LOVES COCK!WILLENHOLLYON YOUR KNEES!Jay and Silent Bob face Willenholly and kneel. But Suzanne's 
               still looking out of the dam.JAYSee, man?! He's lining us up like 
                         fucking circus seals! Well, I'm going 
                         first--I don't want no mouthful of 
                         monkey-spit when I gotta blow this 
                         fucking G-Man.

               TIGHT on Suzanne, who's looking down at the raging water 
               below. Her brow hardens with purpose.

               TIGHT on Suzanne's right hand grabbing Jay's right hand.

               TIGHT on Suzanne's left hand grabbing Bob's left hand.

               Suzanne leaps forward at us, pulling Jay and Silent Bob 
               backwards.JAYGET OFFA ME!!! GET OFFA ME!!!EXT. DAM--DAYSuzanne leaps from the mouth of the tunnel, dragging Jay and 
               Bob with her.JAY AND BOBAAAAIIIGGGGGHHHHH!!!INT. SEWER TUNNEL--DAYWillenholly goes wide-eyed, holstering his gun.WILLENHOLLYOh, no--think you can pull a Peter 
                         Pan on me?!

               He races toward the mouth of the tunnel and leaps out as 
               well.WILLENHOLLYAAAIIIGGGGHHHHH!!!EXT. DAM--DAYAs Willenholly plummets, he passes Suzanne hanging by her 
               feet off a pipe that pokes out from beneath the mouth of the 
               tunnel. She's hanging upside down, holding Jay and Silent 
               Bob's hands.JAYHEY LAW-DOG! SEE YOU IN HELL, COCK--SMOKER!!!EXT. DAM BOTTOM--DAYWillenholly plummets toward the water below and ker-splashes 
               into the drink.EXT. DAM--DAYSuzanne has pulled Jay and Silent Bob back into the mouth of 
               the tunnel.JAYYou see that shit? Damn--remind me 
                         not to get on the monkey's bad side.  
                         Yo--boost her up. So we can talk, so 
                         we can get the fuck out of here.

               Silent Bob lifts Suzanne over the tunnel onto the--EXT. DAM ROAD--DAY--pavement near the manhole. She sits there, looking down.EXT. DAM--DAYSilent Bob lifts Jay over the top of the tunnel toward the 
               road,EXT. DAM ROAD--DAYSuzanne sits by the side of the road. A car pulls into the 
               shot.

               Jay and Silent Bob climb over the cliff onto the highway 
               just in time to see--

               The passenger door slamming on a TRUCK with Los Angeles plates 
               and a sign that reads CRITTERS OF HOLLYWOOD. Suzanne is 
               looking out the back window waving.  Jay and Bob leap to 
               their feet, chasing after the truck.JAYHEY! GET THE FUCK OFF HER, MAN! THAT'SMY EX-GIRLFRIEND'S MONKEY?!The truck speeds away in the distance. Jay and Silent Bob 
               stand there, panting.JAYMan! Who the fuck just steals a 
                         monkey?!

               Silent Bob indicates themselves.JAYOh yeah.
                              (pissed)
                         Well this fucking blows! We got one 
                         more day to stop those fucks from 
                         making that movie, and someone goes 
                         and takes the only thing I had left 
                         from the one woman I ever loved enough 
                         NOT to try to stick my hand down her 
                         pants!

               Silent Bob mimes that they should go after Suzanne.JAYGo after the monkey? How the fuck 
                         are we supposed to know where that 
                         thing's going?

               Silent Bob mimes in the direction the car went. Jay stares 
               at him.JAYWhat? What is that supposed to mean?! 
                         Don't just fucking point like--
                              (imitates him)
                         You ain't the broad in the Children 
                         of a Lesser God. Use you fucking 
                         mouth for more than eating, ya tubby 
                         bitch!

               Bob starts an elaborate pantomime. Jay tries to guess what 
               he's saying.JAYYou gotta take a shit? No--you gotta 
                         take a salad? Take a salad? What the 
                         fuck are you trying to say?

               Bob's on the verge of tears, trying to mime out his message.JAYJUST FUCKING SAY IT ALREADY?!?Silent Bob grabs Jay and screams into his face.SILENT BOBTHE SIGN ON THE BACK OF THE CAR SAIDCRITTERS OF HOLLYWOOD, YOU DUMBFUCK!!!Bob releases Jay, breathing heavily and storms off in the 
               direction of the car went. Jay watched him go for a beat, 
               then follows, muttering under his breath--JAYSay it, don't spray it, bitch.EXT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE--DAYAN ESTABLISHING SHOT.SHERIFF (O.S.)"And might I add, that's one fine-
                         looking boy you're raising."INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE--DAYThe Sheriff and his men stand around, eating donuts, laughing. 
               The Station doors slam open, and Willenholly enters, soaking 
               wet. All the Cops stare at him.SHERIFFWell, if it isn't the wildlife 
                         experts. Did you come to it or go to 
                         it?WILLENHOLLYDo you have a microwave here, Sheriff?SHERIFFWe have a toaster oven. Why?WILLENHOLLYBecause I need to dry my gun out so 
                         I can SHOOT YOU WITH IT ! TWICE!SHERIFFThis might cheer you up.
                              (hands him paper)
                         Your office just faxed this over. 
                         Guy there say it's a post from an 
                         Internet chat board, signed by a 
                         "Jay and Silent Bob." Your man thinks 
                         it's a lead as to where those fellas 
                         are taking the ape.WILLENHOLLY(reading)
                         "All you motherfuckers are gonna 
                         pay. You are the ones who are ball-
                         lickers.  We're gonna fuck your 
                         mothers while you watch and cry like 
                         little bitches. Once we get to 
                         Hollywood--"
                              (looks up)
                         They're going to Hollywood.EXT. HOLLYWOOD--MONTAGEWe take a quick visual tour of the city, including the sign, 
               the line of front of Krispy Kreme, the line in front of Coffee 
               Bean and Tea Leaf, the Simpson star in the Walk- of- Fame, 
               the Rocky and Bullwinkle statue, the Beverly Center, Jerry's 
               Famous Deli, the Hollywood and Vine sign, Mann's Chinese 
               Theatre, the Star Wars footprints outside of Mann's, the 
               Chateau Marmont, people on cell phones, Trashy Lingerie. 
               HOOKERS propositioning a potential JOHN, and finally--EXT. HOLLYWOOD BLVD--DAYWe start on the street sign, and PAN DOWN to a JEEP WRANGLER 
               that pulls up. A gorgeous woman in sunglasses drives, with 
               Silent Bob sitting in the back seat.  After a beat, Jay pops 
               up from under the dash, wiping his mouth, looking around.  
               The Woman sighs, and zips up her pants. Jay and Bob hop out 
               and wave to the Woman as the car pulls away. Bob offers Jay 
               a look.JAYWhat? It's not like it's cheating. 
                         Justice blew up.

               Two HOOKERS approach them.HOOKER 1Hey, little man. You want some of 
                         this?HOOKER 2How about you, Big Boy?HOOKER 1If you've got fifty bucks we can get 
                         nasty.JAYOh yeah? How nasty?HOOKER 2As nasty as you wanna be, poppie.JAYAlright--first, I'll want to tongue 
                         your bung while you juggle my balls 
                         in one hand and play with my asshole 
                         with the other. But don't stick you 
                         finger in.  Then. I'll wanna pinky 
                         you and put it in your friend's brown, 
                         while Silent Bob spanks into a Dixie 
                         cup. After that, I'll wanna smell 
                         your titties, for a while, and you 
                         can pull my nutsack up over my dick, 
                         so it looks like a Bullfrog. Then I 
                         want you to flick at my nuts while 
                         your friend spanks me into the same 
                         Dixie cup Silent Bob jizzed in. Then 
                         we throw the Dixie cup out.

               The Hookers look at him, dumbfounded, Then--HOOKER 1Oh, that's it honey. I quit.
                              (walking away)
                         This job just passed the point of no 
                         return.HOOKER 2(to Jay)
                         You one fucked up puppy, poppie.JAY(watching them go)
                         What?! You said 'nasty'?
                              (shakes his head; to 
                              Bob)
                         Man, chicks in Hollywood are so stuck 
                         up.EXT. HOLLYWOOD BLVD.--LATERJay and Silent Bob walk.JAYAlright, here's the plan: first, we 
                         find out where they're shooting that 
                         movie at. After we shut that shit 
                         down, we can start looking for the 
                         monkey. But before we do any of that 
                         shit, we gotta find a motherfucker 
                         in the know. Someone who's like, the 
                         mayor of Hollywood.

               They pass a DEALER leaning against a wall, trying to make a 
               sale.DEALER(subtly)
                         Crack? You want some crack? Sweet-
                         ass rock. Get you high.JAYNo man, but you want some weed?DEALER(beat)
                         You on the job?JAY(pulling out a card)
                         Yeah, boy. Jersey Local 408.

               CLOSE ON THE CARD.  It reads: UNITED JERSEY BROTHERHOOD OFDEALERS, LOCAL 408.There's a graphic of a stoner beside it.DEALERI'm Los Angeles Local 305!

               They shake hands, slapping each other on the back like Union 
               brothers.DEALERYou guys got medical in Jersey yet?JAYShit, no, we might have to strike in 
                         September.DEALERNorma Rae like a motherfucker. You 
                         gots to get your benefits, you know 
                         what I'm saying?JAYI hear that. Yo--maybe you can help 
                         us out. You know where they're 
                         shooting a movie around here.DEALERYou in this town and you gonna ask 
                         that question? Be a little more 
                         specific.JAYIt's a Miramax flick. We gotta bust 
                         it up so people stop calling us names 
                         on the Internet, even though they're 
                         not really talking about us but these 
                         characters based on us, and at the 
                         same time, find my ex-girlfriend-who-
                         got-killed-in-a-car-explosion's 
                         monkey.

               Jay exhales. The Dealer stares at him for a beat.DEALERI don't know that the fuck you just 
                         said, little kid. But you touched a 
                         brother's heart, so I'm gonna help 
                         you out with some directions to the 
                         studio.JAYYou know where Miramax is at?DEALERFuck, yes. Miramax accounts for 
                         seventy-eight percent of my business.INT. E! ENTERTAINMENT NEWS--DAYAfter E! news logo plays. CUT TO STEVE KMETKO in studio.STEVE KMETKOIs Hollywood ready for Jay and Silent 
                         Bob?  A source at the Federal Wildlife 
                         Marshal's Office tells us a posting 
                         was pulled off an Internet movie 
                         chat board that was allegedly written 
                         by the two domestic terrorists 
                         themselves. It's sending a shockwave 
                         through Hollywood. Jules Asner's on 
                         the scene at Miramax Studios, Jules?

               Jules Asner is in front of the Miramax Studios main gate.JULES ASNERSteve, the tenor of Tinseltown is 
                         one of terror today, after the Federal 
                         Wildlife Marshal's Office learned 
                         that hot, new terrorists Jay and 
                         Silent Bob are targeting Miramax 
                         Studios for their next campaign of 
                         blood, violence and monkey-theft. In 
                         the posting, pulled off Movie Poop 
                         Shoot.com, the gruesome twosome 
                         threatened, quote--
                              (reading)
                         "Once we get to Hollywood and find 
                         those Miramax Expletive-Deleted who 
                         are making the Bluntman and Chronic 
                         movie, we're gonna make 'em eat our 
                         Expletive-Deleted, then Expletive-
                         Deleted, which is made up of our 
                         Expletive-Deleted, then eat their 
                         Expletive-Deleted, which is made up 
                         of our Expletive-Deleted that we 
                         made 'em eat. Unquote. So far, we 
                         haven't been able to get a statement 
                         from anyone here are the studio.

               BACK TO STEVE in the E! Studio.STEVEJules, word has it that Ben Affleck 
                         and Matt Damon are on the lot, 
                         shooting a super-secret project. 
                         Have you seen then roaming around?

               BACK TO JULES at Miramax Studios.JULESNo, Steve. But I did see Casey Affleck 
                         buying a soda at a concession stand 
                         earlier.STEVEBut no sign of Jay and Silent Bob?JULESNone whatsoever. However, to be fair, 
                         all the feds have to work with is 
                         murky videotape, so no one's even a 
                         hundred percent sure what Jay and 
                         Silent Bob look like, exactly. For 
                         all we know, they could already be 
                         on the lot.

               As Jules speaks, Jay and Bob walk into the frame behind her, 
               looking up at the studio sign. They then notice the camera 
               and start waving behind Jules.INT. SEEDY MOTEL ROOM--DAYJustice goes wide-eyed, seeing Jay and Bob on E! She hops 
               out of her seat.JUSTICEOh my God! Jay! No!

               Justice looks around, panicky. Her eyes fall on--

               The diamonds, sitting atop the satchel on the table.

               Justice looks at the diamonds, then the TV screen. She thinks 
               for a beat, then--JUSTICEFuck it.

               She pours the diamonds into the satchel, and shoves it in 
               her pocket.INT. SEEDY MOTEL BEDROOM--DAYThe door slowly opens in the dark bedroom, and Justice crawls 
               to the bedside table, reaching for a set of keys. In the 
               bed, Missy and Chrissy make out under the sheets, moaning. 
               Sissy's banging the Pizza Delivery Guy against the vanity.  
               Justice grabs the keys, leaving a note in their place. As 
               she crawls back out, we PUSH IN on the note, which reads:SORRY, GUYS--BUT I LOVE HIM.EXT. SEEDY MOTEL PARKING LOT--DAYThe convertible skids out, taking off.INT. SEEDY MOTEL HALLWAY--DAYThere's a loud scream, then Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy rush 
               down the stairs (in varied states of undress and sheet-wrap). 
               Wiping their mouths. Sissy holds Justices's note.SISSYThat bitch!  That fucking, fucking 
                         bitch!!!
                              (to girls)
                         Get dressed. We're going after her.CHRISSYFuck that, I didn't get to cum yet.SISSYWhich is more important to you: a 
                         fortune in diamonds or busting a 
                         nut?

               Sissy and Missy race back up the stairs. Chrissy stands there 
               still, shrugs, then digs her hand into her panties.SISSY (O.S.)Chrissy! Now!CHRISSYFuck--

               Chrissy races back up the stairs.EXT. MIRAMAX STUDIOS-DAYThe E! NEWS CREW packs up. Jay and Silent Bob study the main 
               gate. They watch the SECURITY GUARD approach a car that's 
               just pulled up. The Guard checks the driver's pass, then 
               lifts the gate to let the car through. Jay looks to Bob.JAYWe gotta play this right.

               Bob nods, After a beat, the pair tear-ass past the guard 
               booth. The GUARD leaps out of the booth, blowing a whistle 
               and giving chase.EXT. STUDIO LOT--DAYJay and Bob race around the building toward what looks like 
               an open alley then smash into it, falling down. The open 
               alley is a background painting that's being moved by some 
               SCENICS. Jay and Bob get up, shaking off the impact.JAYI hate how fake Hollywood is.

               The SECURITY GUARD catches up to them now, grabbing them by 
               their shoulders, spinning them around.SECURITY GUARDWhere do you think you're going?JAYGET OFFA ME! RAAAAAPE!!!SECURITY GUARDThis is L.A., sir. We don't rape our 
                         suspects in custody. We just beat 
                         them.
                              (into walkie-talkie)
                         Echo Base, I've got a ten-o-seven 
                         here: two unauthorizeds on the lot. 
                         Request back-up.VOICE(from walkie-talkie)
                         I thought that was a ten-eighty-two.SECURITY GUARDNo, sir--a ten-eight-two is the code 
                         for vanishing a dead hooker from Ben 
                         Affleck's trailer.VOICE(from walkie-talkie)
                         Oh, that Affleck. Backup on the way.JAYHey! I make you a deal: this guy'll 
                         suck your dick off if you let us go!SECURITY GUARDContrary to what you believe, not 
                         everyone in the movie business is 
                         gay.JAYWell, how about this deal: he sucks 
                         my dick while you watch and jerk 
                         off.

               The Security Guard stops, looks around, then releases them, 
               reaching into his pants.SECURITY GUARDAlright. But make is fast. And sexy.

               Silent Bob looks at Jay, wide-eyed and scared.JAYDude, it's either this or jail. And 
                         you know what they make you do in 
                         jail.

               Silent Bob wells up with tears, slowly dropping to his knees, 
               reaching for Jay's pants. The Security guard bends down low 
               to watch at crotch-level. Suddenly, Jay hammers his two fists 
               into the Security Guard's neck, knocking him out.  Silent 
               Bob falls into a sitting position on the ground, relieved. 
               Jay looks at him.JAYWell what are you waiting for, bitch? 
                         Start sucking. Bunnggg!
                              (looking around)
                         Alright--where they shooting this 
                         movie at?

               Silent Bob points behind Jay, at the SOUNDSTAGE they're in 
               front of. There's a LINE OF PEOPLE waiting at the door.JAYWorth a shot. Like a shot in the 
                         mouth, you gay bitch. Eww, dude--you 
                         were really gonna suck my dick.

               Silent Bob shakes his head "no," wide-eyed as Jay heads off. 
               When Jay's out of frame, Silent bob shrugs like, "Yeah--I 
               guess I was."EXT. SOUNDSTAGE--DAYJay and Bob approach the line, as an A.D. calls out to the 
               crowd.A.D.Alright--bar extras. Follow me.

               The A.D. starts leading the crowd in. Jay and Bob blend in 
               and follow inside.EXT. HIGHWAY--DAYAn official-looking car tears down the road.INT. CAR--SAMEWillenholly drives, dialing his cell phone.PHONE VOICEFederal Bureau of InvestigationWILLENHOLLYYes, this is Federal Wildlife Marshal 
                         Willenholly. Can I speak with Agent 
                         Sid Enmarty, please?PHONE VOICEOne moment, please.INT. AGENT ENMARTY'S OFFICE--SAMEAGENT SID ENMARTY works at his desk.SPEAKER VOICEAgent Enmarty? A Marshal Willenholly 
                         calling.AGENT SID(perking up)
                         Holy shit! Yeah, put him through.
                              (calling off)YO! INCOMING BITCH BOY PHONER!Two other AGENTS rush in, chuckling. All gather around the 
               phone as Sid presses the speaker button.AGENT SIDWillenholly?BEGIN CROSS-CUTTING WITH WILLENHOLLY.WILLENHOLLYSid? Hey, buddy. I'm calling because 
                         I could really use your help on this 
                         killer case I'm working.AGENT SIDI'll bet, Will. What's it this time... 
                         Beaver trouble? Some kind of 
                         unauthorized marsupial trafficking?

               The agents crack up, stifling their laughter.WILLENHOLLY(taking it in stride)
                         No, no--nothing like that. Say--there 
                         aren't other people listening in, 
                         are there?AGENT SIDNo way, man. It's just me and you 
                         talking here.WILLENHOLLYGood. I'm tracking a monkey down 
                         that's on it's way to Los Angeles, 
                         and I could use some bureau backup.AGENT SIDLos Angeles, hunh? Maybe we should 
                         stake out Clint Eastwood's place. 
                         Didn't he used to drive around with 
                         a monkey that'd punch people and 
                         drink beer?

               The Agents crack up. Willenholly's catching on.WILLENHOLLYAm, uh--Am I on speaker phone?AGENT SIDNo way--Dunston!WILLENHOLLYAlright, now that's not fair. I know 
                         I didn't make it as high up as you 
                         guys, but my job's just as important.AGENT SIDCalm down, Will. Don't go all... 
                         bananas on us!

               The Agents crack up even more, Willenholly's pissed.WILLENHOLLYI come to you as a friend--as a fellow 
                         professional--and this is the shit I 
                         get?!AGENT SIDYou're right, Will. Tell you what--
                         we'll get our best man on your case 
                         right away. You might've heard of 
                         him. He's a doctor.WILLENHOLLY(excited)
                         Oh, a doctor?AGENT SIDHis name's Doctor Zaius!

               The Agents laugh hysterically, pounding the desk, Willenholly 
               tears up, enraged.WILLENHOLLYSCREW YOU GUYS!Willenholly throws his cell phone across the car, the mocking 
               laughter still emitting from it. Willenholly cries.EXT. MIRAMAX STUDIOS LOT--DAYThe Red Light FLASHES outside the soundstage.INT. SOUNDSTAGE--SAMEJay and silent Bob stand amidst a line of EXTRAS. Silent Bob 
               looks O.C. goes wide-eyed, and pokes Jay, pointing O.C. Jay 
               looks and sees--

               A COLLEGE BAR set that looks like the College Bar from Good 
               Will Hunting, complete with CLARK (the stuffy college jerk).  
               MATT DAMON stands off to the side, loosening up for the scene. 
               BEN AFFLECK calls to the O.C. DIRECTOR.BENWhere are we taking it from, Gus?

               Gus Van Sant sits off to the side, counting a stack of money. 
               He just shrugs.GUSI'm busy.BENYou're a true artist, GusMATTJust take it from "It's a good 
                         course."BENOh, now you're the director.MATTHey, shove it. Bounce-boy. Let's 
                         remember who talked who into doing 
                         this shit in the first place. Talking 
                         me into Dogma was one thing, but 
                         this--BENI'm sorry this is taking you away 
                         from whatever-gay-killers-on-horses-
                         who-like-to-play-golf-touchy-feely-
                         flick you're supposed to be doing 
                         this week.MATTOh--I'm touchy-feely? I take it you 
                         never saw Forces of Nature?BENYou're like a child. What've I been 
                         telling you? Sometimes you've gotta 
                         do the safe picture. Sometimes, you 
                         do it for art. Sometimes, it's the 
                         payback picture your friend says you 
                         owe him--

               They take a beat and look at the camera. Then--BENAnd sometimes, you go back to the 
                         well.MATTAnd sometimes, you do Reindeer Games.BENNow that's just mean.

               Jay turns excitedly to Bob.JAYThis has gotta be the Bluntman Flick, 
                         'cause that's those two fucks from 
                         that Mork movie! Now all we gotta do 
                         is figure out a way to get close to 
                         them--

               The A.D. grabs Jay and Bob by the arms and drags them onto 
               the set, placing them near Ben and Matt in the scene.A.D.Just stand there and react. Don't 
                         say anything.

               Bob goes a little wide-eyed. Jay smiles at him.JAY(off A.D.'s comment)
                         That's pretty funny.A.D.(calling out)
                         Alright, people. Lock it up. Let's 
                         go for picture.

               Jay and Bob eye Ben and Matt fiercely, Ben and Matt are 
               oblivious.JAYOn the count of three, we rush those 
                         fucks and beat the shit out of 'em. 
                         'Cause if they're all fucked up, 
                         they can't make the move, right? 
                         Alright, then.  One--two--CLAPPER/LOADER (O.S.)Good Will Hunting Two: Hunting Season.

               Jay and Bob freeze and look at each other, then O.C.

               The Clapper/Loader holds a clapboard in front of Ben's face. 
               It does indeed, read: Good Will Hunting 2: Hunting Season.CLAPPER/LOADERScene sixteen, take five.

               The Clapper/Loader claps the board closed and races off. Ben 
               looks to Gus.BENAction, Gus?

               Gus looks up from counting his money.GUSJesus, Ben--I said I'm busy.

               Ben shakes his head and then starts the scene with CLARK.BEN/CHUCKIEYou should check it out, it's a good 
                         course. But, you know, frankly, I 
                         found the class rather elementary.CLARKYou know, I don't doubt that it was. 
                         I remember that class. It was just 
                         between recess and lunch.BEN/CHUCKIEAre we gonna have a problem, again?CLARKThere's no problem. I was still just 
                         hoping you might give me some insight 
                         into the evolution of the market 
                         economy in the Southern Colonies. 
                         See, Wood says--MATT/WILL(stepping in)
                         What'd I say? Didn't I say you'd be 
                         back here regurgitating Gordon Wood. 
                         But you forgot about Vickers--CLARKNo, I just read Vickers, so I'm up 
                         on inherited wealth, Hunting. But 
                         you're not the angry, brilliant young 
                         mind you once were, just itching to 
                         vent your frustrations.

               In the background, Jay and Silent Bob get bored and head out 
               of the shot. After a beat, they get pushed back in by theA.D.CLARKOnce Sean told you it wasn't your 
                         fault, you lost the edge, William.  
                         You stopped hitting the books with a 
                         vengeance, and now I've read shit 
                         you haven't even heard about yet. 
                         Face facts, my friend--love made you 
                         a soft little pussy boy, unable to 
                         stand up to an academic showdown, 
                         like you used to. You're just no 
                         longer that good--Will Hunting.
                              (gets in his face)
                         Now how do you like them apples?

               Matt/Will turns away angrily, facing Ben/Chuckie, looking 
               downwards, steaming.BEN/CHUCKIEI don't like the sound of them apples. 
                         Will, what're we gonna do now?MATT/WILLChuckie--
                              (snarling)
                         It's Hunting season.

               Matt/Will spins to face Clark with two huge guns in his hands. 
               He blows Clark away, Jay and Bob hit the deck. Matt/Will 
               stands there, guns smoking.BEN/CHUCKIEApple sauce, bitch.

               Suddenly the door to the soundstage swings open, and the 
               Security guard Jay knocked out rushes in, followed by other 
               SECURITY GUARDS who comb the place.SECURITY GUARDSorry to interrupt, sirs, but have a 
                         ten-oh-seven on our hands.BENWait a second! I wasn't with any 
                         hookers today!

               The Security Guard sees Jay and Bob crouched behind Ben, He 
               points, screaming.SECURITY GUARDTHERE THEY ARE!Ben and Matt turn to Jay and Bob, Jay smiles.JAYAffleck, you're the bomb in Phantoms, 
                         yo.

               Jay and Bob then race out-of-frame, closely followed by the 
               Security guards.  Matt head off, arms thrown in the air.MATTIf anyone's looking for me, I'll be 
                         in my trailer trying to figure out 
                         how I got here from an Academy Award.EXT. SOUNDSTAGE--DAYJay and Bob rush out, pulling a bench in front of the door, 
               blocking it. They race ten feet to another soundstage across 
               from them and head inside a door.INT. SOUNDSTAGE--SAMEJay and Silent Bob rush in to see--

               Wes Craven getting ready to direct a scene with a familiar-
               looking GHOSTFACE KILLER and SHANNEN DOHERTY. The 
               Clapper/Loader's clapboard reads: Scream 4CLAPPER/LOADERScream four, scene thirty-seven, 
                         take one.
                              (claps it and rushes 
                              off)WES CRAVENAction!

               The Killer chases Shannen around the room, falling over stuff, 
               until she hits him with a lamp, knocking him out.SHANNEN DOHERTYAlright, you bastard! Let's see who 
                         you really are!

               Shannen pulls the mask off the short performer to revealSUZANNE.Jay and Silent Bob go wide-eyed.SHANNEN DOHERTYFucking Miramax--
                              (getting up)CUT!Shannen heads over to Wes, holding the mask.WES CRAVENShannen, usually I say "cut."SHANNEN DOHERTYA monkey? Jesus, you guys aren't 
                         even trying anymore, are you?WES CRAVENThe market research suggest that 
                         people love monkeys.

               Jay and Silent Bob rush in, grab Suzanne.JAYWE LOVE THIS MONKEY!They rush out. West shrugs to Shannen.WES CRAVENSee?

               Security Guards race through, chasing after the exited pair.EXT. LOT--DAYJay and Bob race through the lot, with Bob carrying Suzanne. 
               On a fake New York city street, another movie is shooting. 
               The trio, bob and weave through the shoot, until--

               At the end of the alley, a set GOLF CART pulls up, and four 
               Security Guards pile out, forming a human wall, blocking 
               their path. Jay and Bob stop dead, looking back to see the 
               other Security Guards gaining.JAYWhat the fuck are we gonna do?

               Just then, a P.A. on a bike pulls up nearby. He ditches the 
               bike and grabs papers from the large hanging basket in front.

               Jay and Bob look at each other, race over to the bike, and 
               jump on, putting Suzanne in the basket. They start pedaling 
               away furiously, closely followed by the Security Guard posse. 
               Silent Bob peddles like mad, racing toward the Golf Cart.JAYPUNCH IT!!!Bob pops a wheelie and the Bike races up the front of the 
               vehicle, taking flight,

               Below, the Security Guards stare in awe as--

               Jay and Silent Bob atop the bike--with Suzanne in the front 
               basket--go past a moon (on a billboard, on the side of a 
               soundstage) a la E.T.

               Jay and Bob look down, then at each other. They smile. Then 
               they look ahead and let out a scream.

               The bike crashes through a window in the side of a Soundstage 
               Building.INT. DRESSING ROOM--DAYThe Bike lands, and Jay and Bob, and Suzanne go tumbling 
               onto the floor covered in glass. They look up to see.

               JAMES VAN DER BEEK AND JASON BIGGS dressed as Jay and Silent 
               Bob, looking down as them.JAMESHoly shit--that looked like it hurt.JASONAre you guys alright?
                              (off Suzanne)
                         Hey! They've got a monkey!

               Jay and Bob look at their twins, then at each other.JAYYo, I think that shit just kicked 
                         in.JAMESLet's get you guys on your feet.

               James and Jason help Jay and Silent Bob to their feet. All 
               stare at one another, perplexed,

               Then--JAY(to James)
                         See man?  Its never, "Hey--you were 
                         in Loser, or, "Dude--you rocked in 
                         Boys and Girls." It always comes 
                         back to that fucking pie! I'm haunted 
                         by it.!JAMESWell, you put your dick in a pie, 
                         dude--JASONEnough!
                              (to Jay)
                         Jason Biggs.JAYYo-you really get to third base with 
                         the Russsian chick like you did in 
                         the movies?JASONYou mean Shannon? Sadly, no.JAYShe's fucking hot, man. If I was 
                         you, I'd been like--

               Jay mimes a series of sexual maneuvers. Jason and James look 
               on, bewildered.JAY(off James's-look)
                         What, man? You never did one of these?

               Jay starts miming again, and suddenly stops, staring at James, 
               blown away.JAYHoly shit? You're the Dawson!JAMESIt's James, actually. James Van Der 
                         Beek.JAYYo, what's up with Pacey stealing 
                         Joey away from you? If I was you, I 
                         would've drowned his ass in your 
                         Creek and shit!JAMESI know, Because what--is Josh better 
                         looking than me? Fuck, no. I mean, 
                         who on earth is better looking that 
                         me? I ask you.JAYJoey, man! She's too fine! Yo--did 
                         you ever get to third base with her?JAMESWell, there was this one time--
                              (catching himself)
                         Wait a second--who are you guys?!JASONThey're our stunt doubles, dumbass.
                              (to Jay)
                         Right?JAYStunt doubles for what?JAMESThe movie we start shooting in a few 
                         minutes--Bluntman and Chronic Strike 
                         Back.JASON(to Bob)
                         You're doubling me. I'm playing 
                         Bluntman, AKA Silent Bill.JAMESBobJASONRight. And he's playing Chronic. AKA 
                         Ray.JAMESJay! Shit, did you even read the 
                         script?JASONThere's a script?

               Jay and Bob stare at them, blankly. Then Jay puts up his 
               finger, indicating they should wait a minute. He gets into a 
               huddle with Silent Bob and Suzanne.JAYThese are the guys who are playing 
                         us, yo. We take them out, and bickety-
                         bam! No movie.

               Silent Bob nods at Jay, then Suzanne. Suzanne heads off, 
               leaving Jay and Bob to huddle.JASON(off Jay and Bob, to 
                              James)
                         What's with the weird, gay huddle 
                         going on over there?JAMESWhat's gay about it? It's two guys 
                         talking in a corner. Man--why are 
                         you such a homophobe.JASONI'm not a homophobe.JAMESYou are. You're always calling things 
                         gay. "Ooo--look at the gay huddle, 
                         dude!"

               Suzanne approaches them.JASONHey--look at the monkey.JAMESNext you're going to tell me the 
                         monkey's gay.JASONHe's so cute--
                              (to Suzanne)
                         C'mere. Monkey. C'mere--

               Suzanne pulls Jason and James out of the frame.

               While Jay and Silent Bob continue to huddle, the sounds of a 
               beating are heard, O.C.JAYAlright, here's what we do: start 
                         swinging, and don't stop until those 
                         young Hollywood fucks are out of 
                         commission. Ready? Break!

               Jay and Bob spin to face Jason and James--only to go wide-
               eyed. Suzanne stands atop the fallen actors, who are bloodied 
               and beaten and knocked out cold. She holds her hands skyward, 
               clasped like a champion.JAYThat's one funky monkey.

               Suddenly there's a banging at the door of the dressing room.VOICE (O.S.)Mister Biggs?  Mister Van... Der--
                         Beek? This is Security. We've got a 
                         pair of intruders at large, and they 
                         crashed through a window we thought 
                         might be yours.JAY(to door; deepening 
                              voice)
                         Uh--yeah. They're in here.SECURITY GUARDDo they have you hostage? Should we 
                         call your publicists?JAYNO! I mean, we kicked those guys' 
                         asses bad. They're--knocked out.EXT. DRESSING ROOM--SAMEThe Security Guards stand outside a door marked James.SECURITY GUARDGreat work, sirs! If you let us in, 
                         we'll take over--JAY (O.S.)(through door)
                         NO! Me and Jason Biggs are naked in 
                         here! Together!

               The Security guard look at one another.SECURITY GUARDUh--okay. We'll just be--outside the 
                         door, sirs.

               The Security Guards stifle a laugh, as one makes a blow job 
               face to the rest.INT. DRESSING ROOM--DAYBob opens an AIR VENT in the wall. He puts Suzanne into it 
               and hands her the tranquilizer gun, miming to her. She nods, 
               and starts crawling through the ductwork, Bob closes the 
               vent again, and starts rifling through a nearby closet.JAYWhat the fuck are we gonna do?! How 
                         are we gonna get out of here without 
                         them seeing us?

               Silent Bob pulls a pair of hangered COSTUMES from the closet, 
               smiling.EXT. LOT--DAYThe Security Guards push a cuffed Jason and James into a 
               waiting Cop Car. The pair are still dressed like Jay and 
               Silent Bob.JAMESYOU'VE GOT THE WRONG GUYS!JASONHEY! DON'T YOU RECOGNIZE ME?! I'MTHE PIE-FUCKER.SECURITY GUARD(to Cops)
                         He'll be the pie--in prison.INT. SOUNDSTAGE HALLWAY--DAYJay and Bob creep toward a door (we don't see the outfits).JAYThis was a good idea, Lunchbox. In 
                         these outfits we're totally incognito.

               Suddenly, and A.D. appears, grabbing them by the shoulders.A.D.Mister Biggs? Mister Van Der Beek? 
                         Great--you've changed costumes 
                         already. Let's get you to set.
                              (pulling them off)
                         The director doesn't like to be kept 
                         waiting.INT. SOUNDSTAGE--BLUNTCAVE SETIt looks like the Batcave, but it's not. Off to the side, 
               near the monitor and chair setup, a black DIRECTOR eyeballs 
               the hustling, white crew.DIRECTORLook at all these crackers, Seventy 
                         million dollars and I can't even get 
                         a black grip?

               A white P.A. brings a cup of latte to the Director.P.A.Here's your coffee, sir.DIRECTOR(eyes the coffee)
                         You spit in this?  Because I know 
                         all you white folks are pissed off 
                         that the studio'd entrust a multi-
                         million dollar to a brother.P.A.I didn't spit in it, sir.DIRECTORThen taste it! Go on!

               The P.A. takes the cup and sips from it. He tries to hand it 
               back to the Director.P.A.It's all good, sir.DIRECTORNo it ain't all good. Oh, you think 
                         I want it now, after your lips touched 
                         the cup? Get the fuck off my set!P.A.You the man, sir.DIRECTORNo you the Man! And that's the 
                         problem!

               The Director glares at the scared P.A., as he cautiously 
               skulks off. BANKY EDWARDS approaches.BANKYUh, Chaka? Yeah, hi--I'm Banky 
                         Edwards, the creator of Bluntman and 
                         Chronic. We met a few weeks back. 
                         I'm the executive producer.DIRECTOR/CHAKAOh--you're the executive producer, 
                         hunh? Well go "produce" me a latte 
                         no white folks spit in--okay Fucky?BANKYBanky. I just wanted you to know 
                         that I respect your work as an artist. 
                         I'm something of an artist myself. I 
                         was the inker on the comic book.CHAKAAn inker? What, like you trace?

               Banky's face drops as the A.D. joins them.A.D.Biggs and Van Der Beek are on the 
                         set, Chaka.CHAKAI don't see 'em. Where are they?
                              (into bullhorn)WHERE THE FUCK ARE THE STARS OF THISPIECE OF SHIT?!On the Bluntcave set, two massive doors open in the fake 
               rock. Smoke pours in, and Jay and Silent Bob--now dressed as 
               BLUNTMAN AND CHRONIC--step from the darkness. Jay and Bob 
               survey the set, amazed.JAYThis must've set 'em back a couple 
                         hundred bucks.CHAKALook at this shit.
                              (off their outfits)
                         A gay hood ornament, and the color 
                         Purple.JAYWho the fuck are you?CHAKAWho the fuck am I? I'm the fucking 
                         director, is who I am. Chaka Luther 
                         King. The creator of all of this.JAYWait a sec--I thought Holden and 
                         Banky created this shit.CHAKAAnd I'm stealing it. I'm taking it 
                         back for all the shit you people 
                         have stolen from us! Did you know, I 
                         came up with the idea for Sesame 
                         Street before PBS? I was going to 
                         call it N.W.P.--Niggaz with Puppets.
                              (beat)
                         Alright--enough small talk. Let's 
                         shoot it.

               Chaka heads back toward his monitor. Jay and Bob are confused.JAYWait, wait, wait!! Aren't you gonna 
                         direct us?CHAKAI'll be directing you to the food 
                         stamps line after I fire your ass, 
                         if you talk back like that to me 
                         again!JAYBut we don't know what we're supposed 
                         to do here. We didn't even read the 
                         script.CHAKASo? Neither did I. Shit, neither did 
                         the studio.
                              (pointing O.C.)
                         Look man, it's not hard. In this 
                         scene, the bad guy breaks into the 
                         Bluntcave.  You make up some shit, 
                         fight him for a while, I film it, I 
                         yell "cut," and then head back to my 
                         trailer, where I got more white women 
                         waiting for me there than the first 
                         lifeboat off the Titanic!
                              (confidentially)
                         They all want a part of the movie, 
                         and I got just the part for 'em.

               Jay and Silent Bob go wide-eyed, as Chaka heads off.CHAKALET'S ROLL WITH THE NEW!A.D. (O.S.)QUIET ON THE SET! THIS IS A TAKE!Chaka climbs behind his monitor. The P.A. is waiting for him 
               with another cup of coffee.P.A.I got you another cup of coffee, 
                         sir. Spit free.

               Chaka smacks the coffee out of his hand and sits down.

               The Clapper/Loader jumps in front of the startled Jay and 
               Bob, getting ready.  After a beat, he turns to Silent Bob.CLAPPER/LOADERI just wanna say that I loved when 
                         you fucked that pie.
                              (calling off)BLUNTMAN AND CHRONIC STRIKE BACK,SCENE THIRTY-SEVEN, TAKE ONE!The clapper/Loader shuts the clapboard and races off. From 
               behind the monitor,

               Chaka calls out--CHAKAACTION!Jay and Bob (as Bluntman and Chronic) look at each other for 
               a beat. Then--JAY/CHRONICUh--Snootchie Bootchies.

               Suddenly, the wall to their left explodes. Jay and Bob hit 
               the deck. Through the smoking rubble steps COCK-KNOCKER--the 
               arch--nemesis of Bluntman and Chronic.  He's a normal-looking 
               man with huge, overgrown FISTS.JAY/CHRONICWhat the fuck?COCK-KNOCKERYou thought I'd never find your 
                         precious Bluntcave, did you, Hemp 
                         Knight? But now you and your sidekick 
                         are finally in the grasp of Cock-
                         Knocker!JAY/CHRONICWhy do they call you "Cock-Knocker"?

               Cock-Knocker slams one of his huge fists into Jay's balls. 
               Jay drops to his knees, wailing. Cock-Knocker then pulls a 
               vibrator-looking device from his cape.  He presses a button 
               on it and a laser beam rises out of the vibrator, like a 
               light saber.COCK-KNOCKERAny last words before I bust your 
                         balls, Bluntman?

               Silent Bob quickly looks right, then left. His eyes fall on--

               A wall of armaments, on which hands a SILVER BONG, under the 
               placard: BONG SABER--EXTREMELY EXPERIMENTAL. DO NOT USE. 
               It's out of his reach.

               Silent Bob closes his eyes, concentrating. He reached his 
               hand out to the Bong Saber, attempting the Jedi Mind Trick.

               Suddenly, the Bong snaps from the armory into Bob's grip. 
               The Bong Saber blasts to life and Bob strikes a defensive 
               pose. Bob rushes the astonished Cock-Knocker and the pair 
               start light saber dueling.CHAKA(from behind monitor)
                         Damn! Now that was one special effect! 
                         This picture's gonna make House Party 
                         look like House Party Two!A.D.Or House Party Three?CHAKAShut the fuck up!

               Cock-Knocker battles Bob back. He vogues some impressive 
               blade handling, prompting Bob to make a run for it--up the 
               ladder of the Bong Reactor and over Cock-Knocker's head. He 
               lands behind Cock-Knocker, striking another pose.  Cock-
               Knocker then high- kicks Bob in the face, knocking him on 
               his ass across the floor. Cock-Knocker rushers over to deliver 
               a saber kill-shot, when we hear--JAY (O.S.)YO-BITCH-FISTS!Cock-Knocker turns to see--

               Jay, standing on the rotating monitor station, holding a 
               double-sided saber. He clicks it and TWO beams emit (a la 
               the Darth Maul light saber in Episode One).JAYCall me Darth Balls. Bunngg.

               Jay leaps at Cock-Knocker, wielding the double-beamed Bong 
               Saber.CHAKA(from behind the 
                              monitor)
                         I think George Lucas is going to sue 
                         somebody--EXT. SOUNDSTAGE--DAYWillenholly's car screeches up, and Willenholly jumps with a 
               shotgun. He slides across the hood of the car and lands beside 
               the flashing red light.WILLENHOLLY(looking around)
                         So, this is Hollywood?
                              (suddenly full of 
                              purpose)
                         Lights, camera, action, Jay and Silent 
                         Bob.

               Willenholly cocks his shotgun and heads for the door.INT. SOUNDSTAGE--DAYThe door bursts open, and Willenholly charges in, firing two 
               shots, O.C.WILLENHOLLYFREEZE YOU TERRORIST SONSABITCHES!!!Willenholly goes wide-eyed.

               It's not Bluntcave. We're on a different soundstage, where a 
               kid's movie's being shot: Mooby's Grand Adventure. There's a 
               Barney-sized MOOBY surrounded by little KIDS. The Kids stare 
               back at Willenholly terrified. The Mooby suit has smoking 
               bullet holes in it. Mooby collapses.WILLENHOLLYOh my God--
                              (to kids)
                         Um--sorry. That was supposed to be a 
                         warning shot. Uh--it looks like I'm 
                         on the wrong, uh--wrong set.

               The Kids look at the fallen Mooby. On looks angrily at the 
               O.C. Willenholly.KIDYou killed Mooby--
                              (to Kids)LET'S GET HIM!!!The Kids charge Willenholly, who screams like a woman as 
               he's attacked.INT. SOUNDSTAGE--SAMEJay attacks Cock-Knocker with his Bong Saber, full throttle.COCK-KNOCKER(breaking character)
                         You are not upstaging me, Van Der 
                         Beek!

               Jay whacks away happily at the actor playing Cock-Knocker, 
               hacking him up onto the ladder of the Bluntcave's nuclear 
               reactor. Cock-Knocker climbs the ladder slightly to evade 
               the attack, dueling Jay back with the saber in his other 
               hand.COCK-KNOCKER(to O.C. Chaka)CHAKA--CALL OFF DAWSON! GIVE ME A"CUT"!On cue, Jay delivers a kill-shot to one of Cock-Knocker's 
               huge fists, cutting it off (a la Empire).

               Silent Bob joins Jay, as Jay turns off this double-Bong Saber, 
               Jay grins at Cock-Knocker.JAYNow whose balls have been busted, 
                         bitch?

               Suddenly, a gun shot rings out.

               All turn to see a roughed-up Willenholly, training his gun 
               first on Jay, then Bob.WILLENHOLLYThe C.L.I.T. stops here, Jay and 
                         Silent Bob!
                              (revealing badge: 
                              calling out)
                         Everyone stay calm. I'm a Federal 
                         Wildlife Marshal. These men are the 
                         leaders of a terrorist organization 
                         wanted for the abduction of a monkey.VOICE (O.S.)They didn't really steal that monkey.

               All turn to see Justice approaching from the shadows. 
               Willenholly trains his gun on her. Jay's mouth drops.JUSTICEIt was just a diversion so we could 
                         steal these.

               Justice pulls the bag of diamonds from her jacket, revealing 
               them.JUSTICEAnd they're not the leaders of 
                         C.L.I.T. The C.L.I.T. is not real.WILLENHOLLYNo--the clit's real. The female orgasm 
                         is a myth.JUSTICE(to Jay)
                         Are you guys alright?JAYI thought you blew up, Boo Boo Kitty 
                         Fuck.JUSTICE(smiling)
                         You remembered.
                              (back to business)
                         It was a frame-up, Jay. Sissy. Missy, 
                         Chrissy, and I are international 
                         jewel thieves. We were setting you 
                         up as a patsy, but I couldn't go 
                         through with it, because I... because 
                         I love you.JAYYeah? So that means you'll fuck me, 
                         right?VOICE (O.S.)If she does, it'll be considered 
                         necrophilia.

               All turn to see Sissy, Missy, and Chrissy slinking from the 
               shadows, guns drawn.SISSYBecause she's gonna be one dead bitch.
                              (to Justice)
                         Hi, Jussy. We catch you at a bad 
                         time?MISSYYou should've just let these guys go 
                         down, Jussy.JAYHey, I wanted to go down, but I was 
                         waiting until I got to know her a 
                         little better. See, there was this 
                         little angel on my shoulder, and he 
                         said--CHRISSYShut the fuck up before I shoot you 
                         where you stand in your pansy red 
                         booties.JAY(looking down)
                         Holy shit, I am wearing pansy red 
                         booties!
                              (to Bob)
                         Man--why the fuck didn't you tell 
                         me?SISSYLet's have those diamonds, Jussy.JUSTICEI can't do that, SissySISSY(points her gun at 
                              Jay)
                         Then lover--boy gets one in the brain.CHAKAYO!All turn to look at Chaka.CHAKAWould any of you lovely ladies like 
                         a private audition to be in my movie?

               Justice high-kicks the gun out of Sissy's hand. It lands on 
               the ground discharging. Then everyone starts shooting and 
               running for cover.

               Jay and Silent Bob hurl themselves over the Bluntmobile.

               Missy and Chrissy flip over a lavish, exquisitely-packed 
               craft service table labeled. CAST. They pop back up and start 
               firing at Willenholly. Willenholly leaps behind a barren 
               craft service table that holds a bag of Smarties and a dented 
               can of RC Cola. He pops up and returns fire. When both are 
               out of bullets, they drop back down behind the table and 
               reload. From behind his table,

               Willenholly yells--WILLENHOLLYWHY ARE YOU SHOOTING AT ME?!?! I'MJUST A FEDERAL WILDLIFE MARSHAL!!!CHRISSYTWO REASONS: ONE--WE'RE WALKING,TALKING BAD GIRLS, CLICHES!MISSYAND TWO: BECAUSE YOU'RE A MAN.WILLENHOLLYONLY ON THE OUTSIDE!The Girls and Willenholly both pop back up and open fire 
               again.

               Chaka ducks behind the monitor.CHAKAA shitload of white people with guns? 
                         Time to get my black ass out of here!

               He races off, passing Justice and Sissy, who circle each 
               other defensively, striking kung fu poses.SISSYYou really let me down, Justice. 
                         Throwing it all away for a little 
                         stoner with bad pronunciation.JAY (O.S.)HEY!JUSTICE(ignoring him)
                         What's it gonna be, Sissy? Which 
                         fighting style do you want me to 
                         kick your ass in?SISSYAre you kidding me? I taught you all 
                         all your moves myself. There's not a 
                         style you can bust that I can't defend 
                         against.JUSTICEYou're no match for my "Shaolin Monk."SISSYYeah, but I can bury you with my 
                         "Crouching Tiger."JUSTICEA little "Venus's--flytrap"?SISSYI'll counter with "Dragon Crane."JUSTICEHow about a little "Bitch, My Man 
                         Ain't Yo Baby's Daddy"?SISSY(beat; smiles)
                         Bring it on.

               Justice rushes Sissy and instead of sleek kung fu, they launch 
               into a down-and-dirty, girl's cat-fight; hair pulling and 
               screaming.

               Behind the Bluntmobile, Jay and Bob watch all the action.JAYYo--I hope one of 'em rips the other 
                         one's shirt off and we see some tit.

               Both Bob and Jay smile at each other, nodding. Banky joins 
               them, crawling in on his belly, covering his head.BANKYMister Biggs? Mister Van Der Beek? I 
                         just wanted to say hi. I'm--JAYBanky fucking Edwards! Just the 
                         motherfucker we came to see!BANKY(shocked)
                         Holy shit! What the fuck are you 
                         guys doing here?!

               Sissy has Justice on her belly, banging her face into the 
               floor, screeching.  Jay, Bob, and Banky continue.BANKYStop the movie?! Are you crazy?!JAYAll these assholes are calling us 
                         names on the Internet, 'cause of 
                         this stupid movie!BANKYI feel for you boys--I really do. 
                         Those Net snipers can be really cruel. 
                         But Miramax paid me a shitload of 
                         money for Bluntman and Chronic, so 
                         it occurs to me that people bad-
                         mouthing you on some web-site is 
                         none of my FUCKING CONCERN!SILENT BOBOh--but I think it is.

               Banky stares at Silent Bob, agog, Jay rolls his eyes.JAYHere we go again--SILENT BOBShut the fuck up.
                              (to Banky)
                         We had a deal with you on the comics 
                         for likeness rights. And as we're 
                         not only the artistic basis but also 
                         the character basis for your 
                         intellectual property, Bluntman and 
                         Chronic, when we said property was 
                         optioned by Miramax Films you were 
                         legally obliged to secure our 
                         permission to transfer the concept 
                         to another medium. As you failed to 
                         do that, you're in breach of the 
                         original contract--ergo, you find 
                         yourself in a very actionable 
                         position.

               Banky stares at Bob, even more agog, joined by Jay. After a 
               beat, Jay adds--JAYYeah.

               Justice now has the advantage over Sissy, holding her head 
               and kicking her in the face, repeatedly, screaming.BANKYSo, what do you guys want, to go 
                         away and take your lady friends with 
                         you?JAYShitcan this movie so we don't get 
                         called names on the Internet anymore.BANKYEven if there's no movie, people are 
                         still free to talk shit about you on 
                         the Internet. That's what the 
                         Internet's for: slandering others 
                         anonymously.  Stopping the flick 
                         isn't going to stop that!

               In the background, we see Justice high-kick Sissy into the 
               air.JAYWell this isn't fair!  We went to 
                         Hollywood, I fell in love, we stole 
                         a monkey, we got shot at, and got 
                         punched in the motherfucking nuts! 
                         We ain't leaving empty-handed!

               On cue, Sissy drops from above, landing in Jay's lap.JAYWhat's up baby? You look good!BANKYIsn't that your girlfriend's enemy?JAYOh yeah.
                              (pushing Sissy off 
                              him)
                         Get the fuck offa me, pig!

               Sissy races at Justice, leaping atop her, pulling her hair.

               Jay, Bob, and Banky continue.BANKYYou guys are gonna ruin my movie 
                         career.JAYWell, we want something for our mental 
                         anguish.BANKYTell you what: we'll settle this 
                         monetarily. I'll give you half of 
                         what I made.JAYHalf?!?BANKYHalf's not good enough?  Fine--I'll 
                         give you two-thirds of what I made!JAYFuck-you--you already said half? You 
                         can't take it back!

               Silent Bob rolls his eyes, Banky shakes Jay's hand.BANKYDone

               Justice throws Sissy off, onto the floor. Both get up, facing 
               each other.SISSYYour shit is so tired, Justice!JUSTICECall me Boo-Boo Kitty Fuck--BITCH!

               Justice high-kicks Sissy and she goes flying across the stage.

               Sissy sails toward the craft service table, landing atop 
               Missy and Chrissy, knocking them out.

               Willenholly stands to see why the girls stopped shooting.WILLENHOLLYHello? Truce?
                              (beat)
                         I think I killed both of them.

               Suddenly, he lets out a shriek and falls forward, revealing 
               a tranquilizer dart in his ass, and SUZANNE standing behind 
               him, holding the gun up in the air.  Justice surveys her 
               handiwork for a beat, then calls off toward the Bluntmobile.JUSTICEC'mon guys. It's over.

               Jay, Bob, and Banky pop up from behind the car and join her.JAYYo, I was just about to jump in there 
                         and get your back.

               Then, the SOUND of SIRENS rings out in the distance.JAYHoly shit, the cops! We gotta get 
                         out of here!JUSTICENo. I'm tired of running.

               Justice lifts Willenholly into a sitting position and taps 
               his face.JUSTICEYou awake, Marshal? Marshal?WILLENHOLLY(tries to move but 
                              can't)
                         Oh my God, I'm paralyzed. The monkey 
                         shot me in the ass and paralyzed me! 
                         Oh the irony!JUSTICE(off Suzanne's gun)
                         You're not paralyzed. It was just a 
                         tranquilizer.WILLENHOLLYJesus! Tranqued by a little monkey! 
                         My friends in the Bureau are never 
                         gonna let me live this down!JUSTICEYou have friends in the F.B.I.?WILLENHOLLY(crying)
                         They all made it in, but I failed 
                         the exam. Why the hell else do you 
                         think I became a Federal Wildlife 
                         Marshal? 'Cause I'm a joke!

               Justice looks toward the direction of the sirens, thinking. 
               Then--JUSTICEMaybe not. I can make you a deal 
                         that'll get you into the F.B.I., 
                         regardless of test scores.WILLENHOLLYWhat kind of deal?JUSTICEYou drop the charges against Jay and 
                         Silent Bob and say you never found 
                         the ape.  Make sure the world knows 
                         they're not in control of any C.L.I.T.JAYNow wait a second--JUSTICEI'll explain later, Jay
                              (to Willenholly)
                         In exchange, I'll give you the 
                         diamonds I stole, and turn in Sissy, 
                         Missy, Chrissy, and myself. But I 
                         want a reduced sentence.WILLENHOLLYYou'd be willing to do that?JUSTICE(off Jay)
                         For him? I'd be willing to do 
                         anything.

               Justice stands and takes Jay by the hands.JUSTICEI'm an international jewel thief 
                         who's facing a jail sentence.JAYThat's alright. I'm a junkie with a 
                         monkey.JUSTICEIf I go to prison, will you wait for 
                         me?JAYI don't know. Will we fuck when you 
                         get out?

               Justice smiles and kisses Jay Passionately. The kiss should 
               say it all, but--JAYDon't change the subject. Will we 
                         fuck when you get out?JUSTICESnoogans.

               Justice and Jay kiss again.

               Suzanne reached up to Silent Bob, who picks her up. She grabs 
               his face and kisses him.

               Willenholly looks to Banky.WILLENHOLLYWow. There's a lot of love in the 
                         room.BANKYRegardless of what you may have heard. 
                         I do not kiss guys.EXT. SOUNDSTAGE--LATERJustice and Jay are still kissing, until Willenholly pulls 
               her away and loads her into the waiting Cop Car.WILLENHOLLYSorry, Justice. We've gotta go.
                              (to Jay: friendly)
                         Hey--stop stealing monkeys.JAYFuck you.WILLENHOLLYFair enough.

               Willenholly closes the door behind Justice and gets in the 
               car.JUSTICE(to Jay)
                         Wait for me.JAYWhat--here?

               Jay looks at Justice, confused, as the Cruiser pulls away, 
               leaving Jay, Bob, Suzanne, and Banky. They start walking 
               down the lot.BANKYWell, boys--you're rich in love--
                              (indicating Jay)
                         Well, you're in love. And to top 
                         that off, you've got your own monkey. 
                         What more could two guys from Jersey 
                         possibly want?JAYAll those fucks to stop talking shit 
                         about us on the Internet, for 
                         starters.BANKYWhat do I keep telling you? There's 
                         not much you can do to stop that. 
                         Well, short of showing up at all 
                         their houses and beating the shit 
                         out of them, I guess.

               Jay and Bob suddenly freeze. They look at each other and 
               smile.JAY(to Bob)
                         You know--with all that money we're 
                         gonna make we can buy a lotta plane 
                         tickets.START THE JAY AND BOB KICKASS MONTAGEEXT. SKY--DAYA passenger JET flies through the sky.EXT. SUBURBAN STREET--DAYJay and Bob stand across the street from a house. They check 
               the address on the big ream of paper they're carrying, nod 
               at each other, and cross the street.INT. HOUSE--DAYThe doorbell rings. A MOTHER answers it to see Jay and Silent 
               Bob standing in the doorway.MOTHERCan I help you?JAYYes. Ma'am, Does--
                              (reading of paper)
                         William Dusky live here?MOTHERYes. He's my son.JAYMay we talk to him, please.MOTHEROne moment.

               She walks away. After a beat, a fifteen-year-old KID comes 
               to the door.KIDYeah?JAYYo--do you post as--
                              (reading off paper)
                         Magnolia-Fan on Movie Poop Shoot.com?KIDYeah.JAYAnd did you write "Fuck Jay and Silent 
                         Bob. Fuck them up their stupid asses?KIDYeah, a while ago. So?

               Jay and Bob nod at each other, then grab the KID, pull him 
               outside, and start beating the shit out of him on his front 
               lawn.EXT. SKY--DAYThe passenger jet flies again, this time in the opposite 
               direction.EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE--DAYJay and Bob knocking at another door. Another MOTHER answers. 
               They speak, she heads inside, and another KID comes to the 
               door.JAYOn Movie Poop Shoot.com. did you say 
                         Jay and Silent Bob--
                              (reading off paper)
                         "--are fucking clown shoes. If they 
                         were real, I'd beat the shit out of 
                         them for being so stupid."KID(chuckling)
                         Yeah.JAYReally--

               Again, Jay and Bob pull the Kid outside and beat the shit 
               out of him.INT. CONVENIENCE STORE--DAYJay and Bob beat the shit out of a CLERK.EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING HALLWAY--DAYJay and Bob beat the shit out of a WOMAN.EXT. RECTORY--DAYJay and Bob beat the shit out of a PRIEST.INT. OFFICE--DAYJay and Bob beat the shit out of a BUSINESSMAN.EXT. MOVIE THEATRE--NIGHTThe marquee reads: JASON BIGGS AND JAMES VAN DER BEEK AREBLUNTMAN AND CHRONIC!WORLD PREMIERE!The front doors open and the CROWD lets out. First we see 
               DANTE and RANDAL.RANDALNow that was worse then Clash of the 
                         Titans.DANTEI still can't believe Judy Dench 
                         played me.RANDALHey--remind me to renew that 
                         restraining order.DANTEWhy?RANDALBecause I'm gonna blast the flick on 
                         the Internet tonight.

               STEVE-DAVE and WALT exit.STEVE-DAVEWhy can't Hollywood ever make a decent 
                         comic book movie?WALTTell'em Steve-Dave!STEVE-DAVEWould you stop saying that?

               ALYSSA and TRISH come out.TRISHWell, that was just another paean to 
                         male adolescence and its refusal to 
                         grow up.ALYSSAYeah, sis--but it was better than 
                         Mallrats. At least Holden had the 
                         good sense to keep his name off of 
                         it.TRISHWhy wouldn't Miramax option his other 
                         comic instead? You know--the one he 
                         drew about you and him and your 
                         relationship?ALYSSAYou mean Chasing Amy? That would 
                         never work as a movie.

               BANKY and HOOPER exit.BANKYI'm so fucking embarrassed--HOOPERHoney, you should be. They took your 
                         characters and reduced them to one 
                         ninety-minute-long-gay joke. It was 
                         like watching Batman and Robin again.BANKYThanks. That means a lot coming from 
                         the guy who pretends to be Shaft as 
                         opposed to the guy who takes shaft.HOOPERI don't hear you complaining nightly. 
                         In fact, the only thing I do hear 
                         you say is "Yes, Hooper! Cradle the 
                         balls and work the shaft!"BANKY(looking around)
                         Hey! Hey! What'd we say? Not in 
                         public!

               A guy behind them calls out to Banks.GUYNice movie, you fucking Tracer!BANKY(recognizing him)
                         You--!GUYThat's right, you sonovabitch! I'm 
                         back for round two!

               Banky grabs the guy by the throat and starts choking him, 
               while Hooper tries to break them up.

               WILLENHOLLY exits with Justice in hand-and leg cuffs and a 
               prison uniform.  They're flanked by two ARMED PRISON GUARDS.WILLENHOLLYYou know, I don't get out to the 
                         movies much. But I'd have to say 
                         Bluntman and Chronic was Blunt-tastic!JUSTICEAre these leg cuffs really necessary?WILLENHOLLYDon't make me shoot you, Justice.

               And finally, Jay and Silent Bob come out.JAYYO! THE PARTY'S ACROSS THE STREET,FEATURING THE GREATEST BAND IN THEWORLD: MORRIS DAY AND THE TIME!!!WHIP PAN to Morris day and The Time on stage, performing 
               "The Bird." During the song, Morris points to--

               Jay and Bob, who are dancing with Suzanne and Justice (who's 
               still in cuffs, flanked by the Guards). Jay looks to Bob, 
               they nod at each other and--

               Jay and Silent Bob, join Morris Day and the TIME onstage, 
               and dance us out to the coda, which reads--CODABluntman and Chronic Strike Back went on to make a mere 2.3 
               million at the box office. It was the biggest commercial 
               failure in the history of Miramax films.  The film was roundly 
               drubbed as a bad idea by the denizens of the Internet chat 
               boards, and over the course of the next year, while they 
               waited for the Quick Stop restraining order to expire, Jay 
               and Silent Bob tracked them all down and beat the shit out 
               of them.CREDITS. THEN--INT. NOWHEREA familiar WOMAN closes a book that's marked: THE VIEW 
               ASKEWNIVERSE. She puts the book down, smiles at us and skips 
               off.THE END