SHALLOW GRAVEWritten by

                                       John HodgeFINAL DRAFTINT. DAYA blurred image forms on a white screen. A horizontal strip of 
          face, eyes motionless and unblinking.DAVID(VOICE-OVER)Take trust, for instance, or friendship: these are the important 
          things in life, the things that matter, that help you on your 
          way. If you can't trust your friends, well, what then?EXT. DAWNA series of fast-cut static scenes of empty streets.DAVID(VOICE-OVER)This could have been any city: they're all the same.A rapid, swerving track along deserted streets and down narrow 
          lanes and passageways. Accompanied by soundtrack and credits.The track ends outside a solid, fashionable Edinburgh tenement.INT. STAIRWELL. DAYAt the door of a flat on the third floor of the tenement. The 
          door is dark, heavy wood and on it is a plastic card embossed 
          with the names of three tenants. They are Alex Law, David 
          Stevens, and Juliet Miller.A man climbs the stairs and reaches the door. He is Cameron 
          Clarke, thin and in his late twenties with a blue anorak and 
          lank, greasy hair. He is carrying an awkwardly bulky plastic bag. 
          Cameron gives the doorbell an ineffectual ring and then stands 
          back, shifting nervously from foot to foot until the door is 
          answered.CAMERONHello, I've come about the room.Cameron enters and the door closes.INT. LIVING ROOM. DAYDavid, Alex, and Juliet sit in a line on the sofa directly 
          opposite Cameron, who shifts uneasily in his armchair. Alex 
          checks some items on a clipboard before speaking.ALEXWhat's his name?DAVIDI don't know -- Campbell or something?JULIETCameron.ALEXCameron?JULIETYes.ALEX(to Juliet)
          Really?CAMERONThat's right.ALEX(to Cameron)
          What?Cameron is not sure what to say.ALEX(CONTINUED)Well, Cameron, are you comfortable?CAMERONYes, thanks.ALEXGood. Well, you've seen the flat?CAMERONYes.ALEXAnd you like it?CAMERONOh, yes, it's great.ALEXYes. It is, isn't it? We alllike it. And the room's nice too, 
          don't you think?CAMERONYes.ALEXSpacious, quiet, bright, well appointed, all that sort of stuff, 
          all that crap.CAMERONWell, yes.ALEXSo tell me, Cameron, what on earth -- just tell me, because I 
          want to know -- what on earth could make you think that we would 
          want to share a flat like this with someone like you?INT. STAIRWELL. DAYAs Cameron plods slowly down the stairs, his shoes striking out 
          against the stone steps, Alex's criticisms continue.ALEX(VOICE-OVER)I mean, my first impression, and they're rarely wrong, is that 
          you have none of the qualities that we would normally seek in a 
          prospective flatmate. I'm talking here about things like 
          presence, charisma, style and charm, and I don't think we're 
          being unreasonable. Take David here, for instance: a chartered 
          accountant he may be, but at least he tries hard. The point is, I 
          don't think you're even trying.Cameron has reached the bottom of the stairs. He opens the main 
          door.ALEX(CONTINUED)And, Cameron -- I mean this -- good luck!Cameron leaves and the main door closes behind him.ALEX(CONTINUED)Do you think he was upset?INT. STAIRWELL. DAYInside the hall of the flat, David approaches the door toopen it. 
          Freeze-frame.ALEX(VOICE-OVER)David likes to keep spareshoelaces in sorted pairs in a box 
          marked, not just shoelaces', but spare shoelaces'.David opens the door to the Woman.WOMANI've come to see about the room.INT. STAIRWELL. DAYOutside the door of the flat a young Goth girl, aged about 
          twenty, rings the doorbell.INT. HALL. DAYInside the hall of the flat Alex approaches the door to open it. 
          Freeze-frame.JULIET(VOICE-OVER)Alex is a vegetarian. Do you know why? Because he feels it 
          provides an interesting counterpoint to his otherwise callous 
          personality. It doesn't. He thinks he's the man for me. He isn't, 
          though there was a time when, well, there was a time when...Alex opens the door to the Goth.GOTHI've come about the room.INT. STAIRWELL. DAYAt the door of the flat a Man aged about thrity-five rings the 
          bell.INT. HALL. DAYInside the hall of the flat Juliet approaches the door to open 
          it. Freeze-frame.DAVID(VOICE-OVER)Like one of those stupid posters -- you know, a gorilla cuddling 
          a hedgehog, caption love hurts --- that's what I think when I 
          think of Juliet.Juliet opens the door to the Man.MANI've come about the room.INT. LIVING ROOM. DAYIn the living room each of the candidates is interviewed 
          individually with the same seating arrangements as before (i.e. 
          the trio on the sofa and the applicant on the chair). What we see 
          are briskly intercut excerpts from each of these interviews. We 
          do not get the responses to the questions, although we may see 
          some facial reaction.All of David's questions are to the Woman.All of Alex's questions are to the Goth.All of Juliet's questions are to the Man.DAVIDAll right, just a few questions.ALEXI'd like to ask you about your hobbies.JULIETWhy do you want a room here?DAVIDDo you smoke?ALEXWhen you slaughter a goat and wrench its heart out with your bare 
          hands, do you then summon hellfire?JULIETI mean, what are you actually doing here? What is the hidden 
          agenda?DAVIDDo a little freebasemaybe, from time to time?ALEXOr maybe just phone out for a pizza?JULIETLook, it's a fairly straightforward question. You're either 
          divorced or you're not.DAVIDOK, I'm going to play you just a few seconds of this tape -- I'd 
          like you to name the song, the lead singer and the three hit 
          singles subsequently recorded by him with another band.ALEXWhen you get up in the morning, how do you decide what shade of 
          black to wear?JULIETNow, let me get this straight. This affair that you're not 
          having, is it not with a man or not with a woman?DAVIDTurning very briefly to the subject of corporate finance -- no, 
          this is important. Leveraged buy-outs -- a good thing or a bad 
          thing?ALEXWith which of the following figures do you most closely identify: 
          Joan of Arc, Eva Braun or Marilyn Monroe?JULIETIt's just that you strike me as a man trapped in a crisis of 
          emotional direction, afflicted by a realization that the partner 
          of your dreams is, quite simply, just that.DAVIDDid you ever kill a man?ALEXAnd when did anyone last say to you these exact words: You are 
          the sunshine of my life'?JULIETOK, so A has left you, B is ambivalent, you're still seeing C but 
          D is the one you yearn for. What are we to make of this? If I 
          were you, I'd ditch the lot. There's a lot more letters in the 
          alphabet of love.DAVIDAnd what if I told you that I was the antichrist?INT. SQUASH COURT. EVENINGIn a sports centre Juliet sits outside a glass-walled squash 
          court. She is ready to play, but at present is watching Alex and 
          David, who are inside the court.INT. SQUASH COURT. EVENINGInside the squash court, Alex is about to serve.ALEXSquash is often used as a metaphor to represent a struggle for 
          personal domination.DAVIDServe.ALEXI was trying to educate you.DAVIDJust serve.ALEXIn the same fashion as chess.DAVIDWhat?ALEXChess. Chess is often used as well.DAVIDWill you shut up and play.ALEXYou're a bad loser.DAVIDI haven't lost yet.Alex serves.INT. SQUASH COURT. EVENINGThe squash-court door opens and David walks out past Juliet as 
          Alex stands behind, jabbing his finger at him.ALEXDefeat, defeat, defeat-- sporting,personal, financial, 
          professional, sexual, everything. Next.Juliet walks in and closes the door.INT. SQUASH COURT. EVENINGInside the squash court Alex is about to serve.ALEXDid you know --JULIETJust serve.Alex serves.INT. JULIET'S CAR (A MINI). NIGHTAlex sits in the back, drinking.Juliet is driving. David sits beside her.ALEXI wasn't trying to win.There is no response from Juliet.ALEX(CONTINUED)I don't want to devalue your victory, but I just want you to 
          know: I wasn't trying to win.DAVIDVictory is the same as defeat. It's giving in to destructive 
          competitive urges.ALEXYou learn that in your psychotherapy group?DAVIDDiscussion group, Alex, discussion.JULIETI thought you stopped going.ALEXYeah, he had one too many of thise urges. You of all people 
          should know that.Alex leans close to Juliet. Juliet brakes abruptly and, as Alex 
          flies forward, elbows him in the chest.ALEX(CONTINUED)God, you two are sensitive. All I'm doing is implying some sort 
          of sordid, ugly, sexual liason. Why, I'd be proud of that sort of 
          thing.JULIETMaybe you should go, Alex.You'll meet someone wonderful.ALEXFor my life? At a discussion group? I think not.JULIETFor the flat.ALEXNo. Be someone else like him. One is enough. And what happened to 
          that girl, that friend of yours, the one that came round. I liked 
          her. I really felt we had something. She could have moved in. We 
          had chemistry.JULIETShe hated you --ALEXWell, she had problems --JULIET-- more than anyone she has ever met. In her whole life.ALEX-- I'd be the first topoint that out. In all kindness I would. 
          But, like they say, you know, she's got to want to change, hasn't 
          she?INT. STAIRWELL. DAYOutside the door of the flat Hugo rings the bell and waits. 
          Juliet opens the door. Hugo is in his early thirties, tall, dark 
          and bohemian in appearance.JULIETYou must be Hugo.HUGOYou must be Juliet.JULIETWould you like to come in?HUGOI'd be delighted.Hugo walks in and Juliet closes the door quite deliberately 
          behind him.INT. VACANT ROOM. DAYHugo looks around, pleased at what he sees, while Juliet watches 
          him. He sits on the edge of the bed.HUGOIt's nice.JULIETWould you like to see the rest?INT. LIVING ROOM. DAYHugo is seated on the sofa, Juliet sits opposite on an armchair.JULIETWhat do you do?HUGOWell, I've been away for a bit, travelling, that sort of thing, 
          and now I'm trying to write a novel.JULIETWhat's it about?HUGOA priest who dies.JULIETI see.HUGOYeah. Well, maybe I'll change it.JULIETNo.HUGOYes, I mean, who wants to read about another dead priest? It's 
          about some other guy, some guy who's not a priest, who doesn't 
          die. You see, it's better already.JULIETWriting seems easy.HUGOIt's a breeze.The telephone begins to ring out in the hall. Juliet does not 
          move and at first says nothing. Hugo looks at her and towards the 
          door leading to the hall. After several rings, Juliet speaks.JULIETDo you think you could answer that?HUGOThe telephone? 
          It continues to ring.JULIETYes, the telephone, but if it's for me, I'm not in.HUGOYou're not in.JULIETNo.HUGOAll right.Hugo stands up. The ringing continues.INT. HALL. DAYHugo lifts the phone. He turns to face Juliet and looks her in 
          the eye as he lies on her behalf.HUGOHello. Yes. Who's calling please? Well, I'm sorry, but she's not 
          in right now. I don't know. Would you like to leave a message?Hugo replaces the receiver.HUGO(CONTINUED)It was some guy called Brian.JULIETDid he sound upset?HUGOA little bit. Is that good or bad?JULIETIt's an improvement.The telephone begins to ring again.HUGOShall I answer it?JULIETNo, just leave it. He knows I must be at home. I'm working nights 
          this week.The telephone continues to ring.HUGOWorking nights?JULIETI'm a doctor.HUGOAnd he's a patient of yours?JULIETNo. But he needs treatment.HUGOFor what?JULIETA certain weakness.HUGOThe human condition.JULIETYou know about it?HUGOI write about it?JULIETAnd that's not the same thing?HUGONo, but like all novelists, I'm in search of the self.INT. KITCHEN. MORNINGJuliet, dressed and fatigued, sits at the table sipping a coffee. 
          Alex is also seated at the table, but wearing an old dressing-
          gown and munching at cornflakes while he reads a newspaper and 
          talks at the same time. An array of other papers is spread over 
          the table.ALEXHas he tried down the back of the fridge? I mean, that's where I 
          normally find things.JULIETHe seemed like a nice guy, Alex.Juliet gets up and leaves the kitchen. The soundof a bath running 
          is heard.ALEXI'm not saying he didn't seem like a nice guy. All I'm saying is, 
          it's a bit strange, and this search for the self, and what he's 
          on about, you know.Alex hears the mail falling through the door and stands up to 
          leave the kitchen and get it.JULIET(calling from outside)
          He didn't seem strange, Alex.He seemed, you know --INT. BATHROOM.MORNING.Juliet watches the bath fill.JULIET...interesting.INT. KITCHEN. MORNINGAlex considers her reply.ALEXInteresting. Interesting.INT. HALL. MORNINGAlex is walking through the hall to the door,muttering 
          interesting' to himself. As he passes the phone starts to ring. 
          He stops and lifts it.ALEXHello. No, she's not in. No. No. No. No ideas.Alex replaces the reciever and walks on to the door.JULIET(from the bathroom)
          Who was it?ALEXI don't know. He sounded Swedish. Do you know any Swedish men? 
          Maybe it was just the emotion.Alex picks up the mail and looks through it. As he does so,David 
          emerges from his room, dressed for work.ALEX(CONTINUED)What do you think?DAVIDAbout what?ALEXAbout this guy, this Hugo person.DAVIDI don't have time.ALEXI'm only asking what you think.DAVIDI don't have time to discuss it now. I don't care so long as he's 
          not a freak.David opens the door. Alex hands him an envelope.ALEXThis is for you. It's your mother's handwriting, so I didn't open 
          it. I don't like reading about your father's constipation.David snatches the letter and leaves, closing the door.Alex walks back across the hall, opening one of the letters and 
          reading it quickly.JULIET(calling from the bathroom)
          So we'll meet him, then?ALEXWhat? Oh, yeah, sure, if you want. I tell you, every letter this 
          guy writes to you is the same: they all begin like pure love and 
          descend into open pornography. I dream of your thighs, the soft 
          touch of your white skin leading me in desire, while I, aroused 
          and inflamed --'Juliet's hand and arm appear around the bathroom door. She 
          attempts to grab the letter. Alex plays at holding the letter 
          just beyond her reach.ALEX(CONTINUED)Aroused and inflamed.JULIETAlex.ALEXHe even signs them, in his own name, can you believe it? I'd sign 
          someone else's name. I'd sign his name. If I wrote them, that is. 
          Which I don't.INT. LIVING ROOM. EVENINGAlex, David, Juliet and Hugo sit round a table towards the end of 
          a meal. Alcohol has been consumed. Bowls containing the last of 
          the food sit on the table, being picked at occassionally. Alex 
          dispenses wine mainly into his own glass, alternating with 
          Macallan malt whisky, of which he pours generous amounts.ALEXInteresting.HUGOI see.ALEXYeah, well, that's what she said. Interesting. That's why you're 
          here, you see.DAVIDNormally I don't meet people, unless I know them already.HUGOI see.DAVIDPeople can be so cruel.ALEXSo, uh...HUGOWhat?ALEXWhat?HUGOYou were going to say something.ALEXWhat was I trying to say? Oh, yes, I think, we think, or at least 
          I suppose we think -- am I right?JULIETJust get on with it, Alex.DAVIDKeep it going, Alex. You're unstoppable now.ALEXWe think it's fine.Alex starts eating again. The others watch him expectantly. David 
          coughs.ALEX(CONTINUED)It's OK. There's no problem.HUGOYou mean I can have the room?ALEXWell, that's what I said, isn't it?DAVIDHe made it clear.ALEXWhy, thank you, David.JULIETYes, you can have the room.Alex pours yet more alcohol.ALEXI'm not usually drunk.JULIETNot usually this drunk.DAVIDOnly on expenses.ALEXIt's true. A newspaper is paying for all this. A newspaper...With exaggerated scorn, Alex knocks over a glass of wine.JULIETIn a moment he's going to tell he could have been someone --ALEXIt was you, Juliet, it was you --JULIET-- instead of what he is --ALEXWhat I am.JULIET-- which is --ALEX-- which is a hack.JULIETThe man we know and love.ALEXA miserable, burnt-out, empty shell of a -- 
          Alex pauses, looks at his drink, then at Juliet.ALEX(CONTINUED)Know and love?JULIETYeah.ALEXI think you're lying.JULIETYou're right.ALEXYou see, they don't really know me.JULIETNo, Alex, we don't really love you.Alex smiles at Juliet and drinks again.ALEXCan you afford this place?HUGOYeah.Hugo reaches into his pocket and pulls out a thick bundle of 
          notes, which he places in front of Alex. Alex leans over and 
          sniffs the notes.DAVIDCan I ask you a question?HUGOCertainly.DAVIDHave you ever killed a man?HUGONo.DAVIDWell, that's fair enough, then.Alex raises his head.ALEXCertainly smells like the real thing.EXT. A STREET. NIGHTAt a cash dispenser a man in his thrities is taking out some 
          money.A younger man, Andy, stands besdie him, looking around in a 
          mildly agitated fashion.As the money emerges, Andy assaults and robs the man. He starts 
          by smashinf the victim's face repeatedly against the cash 
          dispenser until the Perspex is smeared with blood. When he has 
          final finished and the man lies on the ground, Andy takes the 
          money and the card from the slots, then gets into a car which has 
          pulled up alongside, driven by Tim.INT. STAIRWELL. DAYHugo climbs the stairs, carrying two suitcases. He stops at the 
          door of the flat and looks at a bunch of keys before selecting 
          one, which he inserts in the door.INT. HALL. DAYInside the flat. The door opens and Hugolifts his cases in, 
          kicking the door closed behind him.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. DAYJuliet sleeps, undisturbed by the closing of the door.INT. HALL. DAYHugo walks across the halland disappears into his room.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. DAYHugo unpackshis bags. Included in his things are a few syringes 
          and needles. All these he puts into the drawer beside his bed. He 
          checks inside a second bag.INT. HALL. DAYHugo dails a number on the telephone and awaits a reply.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. EVENINGJuliet is woken by her alarm clock. The time is five p.m.INT. LIVING ROOM. NIGHTAlex sits watching television, constantly changing channels. 
          Juliet walks in, wearing a dressing gown. She watches Alex for a 
          few moments.JULIETHave you seen Hugo?ALEXNo. Any idea which channel he's on?INT. HALL. MORNINGThe telephone is ringing. Alex lifts up the reciever. Again he is 
          wearing his dressing gown and is on his way to pick up the mail.ALEXNo, she's not in. 
          Without waiting for any more, he replaces the reciever and walks 
          to the door, where he picks up the mail. On his way back from the 
          door, David emerges, ready to go to work.ALEX(CONTINUED)Have you seen him?DAVIDAlex, I don't have the time --ALEXYes or no, yes or no, yes or --DAVIDNo.David leaves, slamming the door.INT. KITCHEN. MORNINGAlex returns to the kitchen, pausing only to knock at Hugo's 
          door, which elicits no response. In the kitchen Juliet sits 
          dressed for work, having just returned. He casually opens an 
          envelope and glances at both sides of the letter before handing 
          it to her.ALEXDavid hasn't seen him either.JULIETSo I gathered.ALEXMaybe he didn't like us.JULIETDavid?ALEXHugo.JULIETHis car's still there.ALEXHe's got a car?JULIETSo what's wrong with that?ALEXWhat sort of car?JULIETAlex, how shouldI know? I'm just a girl.ALEXI will ask you once more, what sort of car --JULIETA blue one, OK. And it's still there.INT. HALL. NIGHTWe see the door to Hugo's room, then Alex rapping sharply against 
          it. David and Juliet stand behind him.ALEXHugo. Hugo. Sorry about this, but can you open the door? It's us, 
          Hugo, your flatmates and companions. Your new-found friends. He's 
          not in. He's left and we'll probably never see him again.JULIETAlex, the key is in the keyhole on the other side.ALEXSo?JULIETOpen it.ALEXYou want me to kick it open?JULIETYes.ALEXNow?JULIETYes.ALEXAll right. No problem.After several ineffective kicks at the door, Alex turns to David.ALEX(CONTINUED)You want a go?INT. HUGO'S ROOM. NIGHTInside Hugo's room we see the door as David, outside, throws 
          himself against it. At the third attempt the lock gives way and 
          the door bursts open.In the foreground at one side is the bed with a naked foot lying 
          still and exposed.When the door is open, David is first in, followed by the other 
          two. There is a period of silent shock as they contemplate Hugo's 
          naked corpse. Alex opens a window.DAVIDIs this what they always look like?JULIETYes.Juliet drapes a sheet over the body, covering it completely.ALEXI wonder how he did it?JULIETDid what?ALEXI wonder how he killed himself. I presume that that's what 
          happened. What do you think?Quite casually, Alex begins to open drawers and cupboards, 
          emptying the contents on to the floor.JULIETAlex.ALEXWhat? What's wrong?JULIETWhat are you doing?ALEXI'm just looking.JULIETDon't.ALEXDon't look?JULIETNo.ALEXWhy not? What's wrong, Juliet? Aren't you curious? Don't you 
          wonder what he died from?JULIETNo.The guy's dead.What more do you need?ALEXIt's not every day I find a story in my own flat.JULIETThats not a story, Alex. It's a corpse.ALEXOld newspaper proverb says dead human being is living story. Be 
          rational, please, and failing that be quiet.In a drawer in a bedside cabinet, Alex finds needles, syringes 
          and a small bag of powder. Without comment, he holds it up and 
          throws it on the bed.He reaches under the bed and pulls out a case, which he opens. It 
          is empty and he pushes it back under.DAVIDI've never seen a dead body before.JULIETAlex, I think it's time for you to stop.Alex continues to search. Juliet walks out.INT. HALL. NIGHTJuliet stands alone.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. NIGHTAlex continues his brisk search through Hugo's posesseions while 
          David looks on, appalled but speechless.INT. HALL. NIGHTJuliet listens to the sounds from the bedroom, then picks up the 
          telephone. She dials 999 and waits for a reply. It rings and 
          rings.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. NIGHTAlex has found and opened a large Gladstone bag. Neither David 
          norwe can see into it.DAVIDI saw my grandmother, of course, but I don't suppose that counts. 
          I mean, she was alive at the time.ALEXCan I show you something?INT. HALL. NIGHTJuliet awaits an answer.Alex approaches Juliet with the open bag. She turns around and 
          looks into it, then, seeing the contents, she replaces the 
          receiver. As she does so, the Operator's voice is audible for a 
          second.OPERATORHello, emergency services.The telephone hits the cradle.INT. KITCHEN. NIGHTDavid, Alex and Juliet are seated in silence around the tabel. 
          The bag, stacked with money, lies open on the table.DAVIDNo.ALEXThink about it.DAVIDNo.ALEXCome on, David.DAVIDNo.ALEXJuliet?JULIETNo, Alex. It's, it's --ALEXWhat?JULIETUnfeasible.ALEXIs that all?DAVIDYou mean immoral.ALEXI'm only asking you both to think about it.DAVIDIt's asick idea, Alex. It's sick.ALEXBut don't tell me that you're not tempted by it. Don't tell me 
          that you're not interested. I know you well enough.DAVIDYou think so?ALEX(AMUSED)All right, then, go ahead, telephone. Telephone the police. Try 
          again. No one's going to stand in your way. Go ahead. Tell them 
          there's a suitcase of money and you don't want it.INT. HALL. MORNINGThe flat is silent. Footsteps are heard outside the door and mail 
          falls through the letter box.INT. LIVING ROOM. DAYThe living room, empty.INT. KITCHEN. DAYThe kitchen, empty. The bag of money still sits on the table.INT. HUGO'S BEDROOM. DAYHis corpse lies on the bed, covered as before, incompletely, by a 
          sheet, with parts of his body still showing (a foot, a hand, part 
          of his face or abdomen).INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE. DAYThe open-plan office of a busy newspaper. Alex sits at his desk. 
          He is talking on a telephone jammed against his shoulder and 
          while he does so he is casually acknowledging and waving at 
          colleagues.ALEXNow, was there a pet in the house? Yes, a pet, like a dog or a 
          budgie or a gerbil. You see, what I need is PC Plod rescues Harry 
          the Hamster from House of Horror'. All right... well, that's a 
          pity, you see, no pets, no human angle.Alex hangs up.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. DAYAnother view of the body: for example, from above.INT. HOSPITAL. DAYIn the accident and emeregency department of a busy hospital, 
          Juliet sifts through a setof casenotes. Another Doctor approaches 
          her.DOCTORHi, there.Juliet does not look up.JULIETHello.DOCTORWhat happened to that guy?JULIETWhat guy?DOCTORThat guy, the one that died.Juliet looks up.JULIETWhat guy that died?DOCTORThat one, last week.JULIETHere?.DOCTORYeah, here, I mean, where else?JULIETOh, him. Well, he died.DOCTOR(SATISFIED)That's what I thought.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. DAYThe body, stillpresent, exposed and motionless. The curtain 
          flutters by the open window.INT. LUMSDEN'S OFFICE. DAYLumsden, a middle-aged chartered accountant, isseated in a 
          largechair behind a desk. He is talking to David,who appears 
          distracted.LUMSDENWhat do we do here, David?DAVIDSorry?LUMSDENHere.DAVIDRight here?LUMSDENIn this firm.DAVIDWell, it's a wide range of, eh --LUMSDENAccounting, David, chartered accounting --DAVIDExactly what I was --LUMSDEN-- is often sneered at. Are you aware of that?DAVIDNot any real sneering as such, no.LUMSDENThere's a whole wide world out there, and it all needs to be 
          accounted for, doesn't it?DAVIDEh --LUMSDENBut they sneer, don't they?DAVIDI'm not sure --LUMSDENOh, it's unfashionable, I know, but, yes, we're methodical, yes, 
          we're dilligent, yes, we're serious, and where's the crime in 
          that, and why not shout it from the rooftops, yes, maybe 
          sometimes we are a little bit boring, but by God, we get the job 
          done.DAVIDYes, sir.LUMSDENAnd that's why I think you fit in here.DAVIDI'm boring?LUMSDENYou get the job done.DAVIDOh, I see, I thought you meant --LUMSDENWhich is why I'm trusting you with this account.Lumsden throws a heavy folder into David's lap.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. EVENINGIt is almost dark.Only the familiar contour is visible through 
          the gloom.INT. STAIRWELL. EVENINGDavid ascends the stairs to the flat.INT. LIVING ROOM. EVENINGAlex sits in an armchair facing out of the window. Juliet stands 
          facing into the room. David, the last home, appears in the 
          doorway.DAVIDHe's still here.ALEXHe couldn't get his car started.DAVIDWhen are you going to let the police know?ALEXYou call them if you want.DAVID(to Juliet)
          And what about you?JULIETWell, I'm getting used to having him around.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. DAYThe corpse as before.INT. ACCOUNTANT'S OFFICE. DAYDavid sits at his desk, looking across the office.Crouched over a large array of other desks, young men and women 
          in suits are pouring over folders and columned books. No one is 
          speaking except in muted tones on the telephones.David watches them. He looks to his left and to his right: on 
          either side young men like him are toiling over accounts. He 
          turns and looks behind him, where another array of accountants 
          sit.He turns back to his desk and opens the file he was previously 
          given. He looks at the columns of records of profit, with a large 
          total at the bottom.When David looks up he sees Juliet seated beside his desk. She 
          smiles and directs his gaze, with her own, to the surrounding 
          scene.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. EVENINGThe body in silhouette.DAVID(VOICE-OVER)OK. Let's do it.INT. DIY STORE. DAYInside a large, brightly lit DIY store with Muzak playing in the 
          background. We start with a tracking shot along an aisle stacked 
          with potentially vicious tools.ALEX(VOICE-OVER)All right, now listen. We have to dispose of the body in such a 
          way as to make it unidentifiable, so that even if it is found, 
          then it's never anything more than an unknown corpse. Burning, 
          dumping at sea, and straightforward burial are all flawed either 
          by fingerprints, or, more commonly, by dental records. This I 
          have learned. Now, what I suggest is that we bury him out in the 
          forest, but first of all we remove his hands and his feet, which 
          we incinerate. And his teeth, which we just remove. It's as 
          simple as that.As the tracking shot ends, we see David's head and shoulders as 
          he looks at something off picture. Suddenly a spring-loaded 
          screwdriver appears and is fired' so that the tip stops a few 
          millimeters from his face. David winces as we see that Alex is 
          holding it.ALEX(CONTINUED)I always wondered what these were for.Alex places the screwdriver down on the shelf and walks across 
          the aisle to pick up a saw and a hammer.ALEX(CONTINUED)Now this is what we need. And this.Alex hands the tools to David, who looks at them with disgust. 
          Alex walks on.ALEX(CONTINUED)Now what else?DAVIDI don't know.ALEXA spade, we need a spade -- I wish you would concentrate -- we 
          need a spade if we're going to dig a pit.DAVIDSo who's going to do it?ALEXDig the pit, I don't know.DAVIDNo, not that.ALEXThen what? Who's going to do what?DAVIDYou know what I'm talking about.ALEXDo I? What? What? What are you talking about?DAVIDYou know what. Who's going to do it.ALEXWe all are, David, we're all going to do it. Each of us, you, me 
          and Juliet, will do his or her bit. Is that fair enough?DAVIDI can't do it.ALEXI don't hear this.DAVIDI won't be able to.ALEXYou're telling me you want out? Already? You're telling me you 
          don't want the money? Hugo is going off. He smells. The flat 
          smells. We can't wait any longer.DAVIDI'm just telling you I can't cut him up.Alex turns away in disgust.EXT. LANE. NIGHTLate at night, in a quiet lane at the back of the flat, a hired 
          Ford Transit is parked.INT. VAN. NIGHTInside the dimly lit van, Alex and Juliet are laying down plastic 
          on the floor.JULIETWho's going to do it?ALEXI thought we all were.JULIETI don't thinkI can.ALEXBut you're a doctor. You kill people every day.JULIETI don't want to. It's different.ALEXAnd now you tell me.INT. UNDER WATER/BATHROOM. NIGHTA Man's face is being held under water. Bubbles escape from his 
          mouth and his eys bulge.Tim hauls the Man's head out of the bath. His legs and arms are 
          bound with cord. Andy sits on a chair, watching.Tim ducks the Man's head under the water again.The Man's face as before.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. NIGHTWe see Hugo's face just before Alex, David and Juliet wrap him in 
          a sheet and thick, black plastic. They wear masks over their 
          noses. The smell is making them uncomfortable and irritable.DAVIDThere's something I want to ask.INT. BATHROOM. NIGHTThe Man's head has just been lifted from the water.MANI don't know. I swear to God, I don't know.Tim ducks the Man's head back under the water.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. NIGHTALEX(angry through his mask)
          Family? Family? Friends? Drugged-up wandering suicidal search of 
          the self fuck-ups don't have families, David.DAVIDI just thought we should discuss it.ALEXTake his legs.INT. STAIRWELL. NIGHTIn the stairwell of the flat, grunts of effort are heard as Alex, 
          David and Juliet struggle with the heavy corpse, carrying it down 
          the stairs wrapped in plastic sheeting. They come into view and 
          go down the stairs. They are all very tense and freeze with panic 
          after accidentally banging against another flat's door. They 
          swear at one another and continue theri descent.INT. BATHROOM. NIGHTTim is ducking the Man again. He writhes and struggles but is 
          powerless to stop it.EXT. BEHIND THE FLAT. NIGHTThe back yard and back door of the flats. The door opens and 
          Alex, David and Juliet emerge, carrying the corpse out towards 
          the van.INT. LANDING OUTSIDE THE BATHROOM. NIGHTFrom the landing we can see along the floor into the bathroom. 
          The Man's legs extend away from the bath. They are completely 
          still. Andy and Tim stand beside them, looking down.ANDYYou stupid bastard.INT. VAN. NIGHTInside the back of the empty van. The door is opened and the body 
          is half slid and half thrown inside. The door is closed and in 
          the dark interior, the outline of the plastic lump is just 
          visible, thanks to a streetlight. One of the doors opens again 
          and David throws a bag of tools in. He then closes and locks the 
          door.INT. VAN. NIGHTIn front of the van, David is climbing into the passenger side. 
          Juliet and Alex are already in, with the latter at the wheel. 
          Alex turns to the other two.ALEXWhy don't we just draw lots for it?The other two remain silent.ALEX(CONTINUED)Whoever draws the short straw does it all. That way, you either 
          do it or you don't. All or nothing.JULIETOK.ALEXDavid?DAVIDI don't know.ALEXLook, if I draw the short straw, then I'll do it, but I'm not 
          going to do it just because you won't.Alex starts the engine of the van.EXT. FOREST. NIGHTThrough the darkness we hear an engine, then the headlights of 
          the van come into view.It pulls off the track onto a patch of grass. The engine is 
          switched off but the light remains on. The trio descend from the 
          van.In fron of the van, Alex, illuminated by its lights, Alex, David 
          and Juliet stand together. Alex is showing them two long stems of 
          grass and one short one. He encloses them in his fist and holds 
          them out.ALEXAll right, then, here we are and this is it. Do you want to play 
          or not?Alex holds his hand out towards Juliet, who takes the tip of one 
          of the stems. It is one of the larger ones.Alex and Juliet turn to David. Alex holds out the stems. David 
          reaches out and takes one of the tips. It is the short straw.DAVIDI can't do it.EXT. FOREST. NIGHTDeeper in the forest, with the headlamps still casting a little 
          light throught the trees, we see David's head and shoulders. His 
          right arm is moving briskly back and forth accompanied by a 
          vicious sawing noise. The sawing stops as he evidently finished 
          with one extremity. He shuffles back and starts sawing at 
          another.Alex leans against the spade in a shallow pit that he has dug. He 
          observes David impassively. The sawing stops again.DAVIDFinished.ALEXBut not quite.DAVIDIs that going to be deep enough?Alex bends down to pick up the hammer, which he holds out towards 
          David.ALEXDon't you worry about that.DAVIDIs this necessary?ALEXYes. Now come on, all or nothing.Most reluctantly, David takes the hammer and looks at Alex, who 
          gestures as if to say, "On you go.' With revulsion on his face, 
          he raises the hammer above his head.INT. DAVID'S ROOM. DAYDavid's face is visible against the plain white backdrop of his 
          pillow.He lies fully clothed on his bed, looking up at the ceiling. 
          There is a knock at the door, then Juliet walks in.JULIETAre you all right?DAVID(without looking at Juliet)
          Oh, yes, I'm fine, thanks, just fine.JULIETWould you like to talk about it?DAVIDNo.INT. LIVING ROOM. DAYAlex sits with his feet up watching a noisy game show, while 
          eating a snack and drinking from a can of beer. Newspapers lie 
          scattered at his feet.INT. LOFT. DAYThe loft above the flat in darkness, but the trapdoor is opened, 
          letting in a pool of light.INT. HALL. DAYDavid is pulling himself through the trapdoor up into the loft. 
          Beneath him is a stepladder. Juliet stands half-way up the 
          ladder, while Alex stands on the floor beside it. As David enters 
          the loft, Alex hands up the bag of money to Juliet, who passes it 
          on up to David.JULIETBe careful.ALEXYeah, we don't want another stiff on our hands. Don't fall 
          through the ceiling. OK? Is he listening to me?JULIETStop nagging.ALEX(to himself)
          I don't know why we couldn't stuff it in a mattress or put it 
          under the floor like any normal human being. We could have hid it 
          in the fridge.INT. LOFT. DAYDavid moves on into the dark cavernous loft, edging his way 
          across beams and pipes. There are no skylights.He stops and leans against some structure (the water tank). He 
          strains to see in the darkness.Suddenly there is a loud sucking and flowing noise as water 
          empties from the water tank. David is startled and steps forward, 
          tripping. He reaches out as he falls, striking a light switch. 
          Briefly the loft is illuminated: David blinking as he lies across 
          some beams, the large cavernous area, the pipes, the water tank, 
          the bag of money lying between two rafters, and then the old 
          brass switches beginning to spark and the light goes out.David scrambles towards the trapdoor.INT. HUGO'S ROOM. DAYNow clean and empty, with no trace of recent habitation.INT. HOSPITAL. DAYIn a basement corridor in the hospital, pipes run along the 
          ceiling. Above a fenced-off area is a sign saying For 
          Incineration Only -- No Aerosols'. On the floor of this area are 
          yellow plastic sacks. Juliet appears around a corner carrying one 
          of these. Quite casually the clumps it on the pile and continues 
          past.EXT. QUARRY. EVENINGAlex pushes a blue car into a quary.INT. SUBURBAN LOCK-UP GARAGE. NIGHTIn the garage there is a car, gardening equipment, several sacks 
          of fertilizer and a trunk-style deep freeze, on the lid of which 
          sit Andy and Tim. Tim takes out a cigarette and offers one to 
          Andy, who declines.They slide off the deep freeze and open it.Inside the freezer there is a man, naked and bound with cord. 
          They lift him up. He is very cold and weak.The Man begins to whisper inaudibly. Andy moves his head so that 
          he can hear the whisper. He listens, then nods approvingly.They push him down again and close the lid. Andy holds the lid 
          while Tim dumps the sacks of fertilizer on top.INT. CHARITY BALL. NIGHTAlex, David and Juliet are attending a charity ball. Everyone is 
          dressed very smartly, in ball gowns and black ties with the 
          addition of a significant number of kilts.Neither Alex nor David wears a kilt. The trio seem to know a 
          number of people there but do not seem especially keen to speak 
          to them.A middle-aged, podgy, mustachioed Master of Ceremonies is 
          standing on a platform in front of the band, making a speech to 
          the diners who are still sat at their tables.MCLadies and gentlemen, may I have your attention please. First of 
          all, may I thank you all for coming along tonight and supporting 
          our appeal to raise funds for the sick children's unit.There is a quick drum roll and applause breaks out. We move to 
          the table where Alex, David and Juliet are seated. Alex leans 
          across to Juliet.ALEXYou didn't tell me that this was for children. I hate children. 
          I'd raise money to have the little fuckers put down.Some other guests around the table cast critical glances at Alex.JULIETSshh.ALEXI want my money back. Excuse me.Alex signals to the waiter by lifting his hand and snapping his 
          fingers, then indicates another bottle of champagne that already 
          ists in front of him.MCFor all too often there's a complacency: out of sight, out of 
          mind, let someone else bother about these things.Alex cheers once and starts to applaud on his own. Juliet nudges 
          him viciously.MC(CONTINUED)But just before the dancing, I'd like to say a special thank-you 
          to a few of the people who've worked so very hard to make this 
          occassion happen.The MC's drone continues in the background while conversation 
          continues back at the table.DAVIDDo you know many of these people?JULIETYes. They're my friends.ALEXI see, so if they want to talk to you, we say you're not in.MCAnd now, ladies and gentlemen, and those of you who are neither 
          or both --Drum roll.MC(CONTINUED)-- would you make your way to the floor for Strip the Willow.JULIETAre we going to dance?ALEXWell, it's physical contact, isn't it?INT. DANCE FLOOR. NIGHTThe dance floor a few minutes later. It is packed and rather 
          chaotic. Sweaty, dishevelled dancers sling one another around, 
          with the thud of flesh against flesh. Toes are stood on and 
          jackets discarded.Juliet dances with Alex, who plunges in with the maximum of 
          violence, eventually tripping up and tumbling forcefully among 
          the other dancers.He starts to get up, then rests his head back against the floor.David has not been dancing. Instead he remains at their table and 
          at the bar, drinking steadily and watching the other two.INT. TABLE. NIGHTBack at the table, while most people are still on the dnace 
          floor, the trio sit drinking and Alex smokes a cigar.ALEXThat was good.DAVIDCan we talk about something?ALEXNot now. I have an idea.Alex pours champagne on to a stack of glasses.DAVIDListen, it's important. We need to talk about what we're going to 
          do --ALEXJust stop worrying.Alex stands and raises his glass.ALEX(CONTINUED)Love and happiness for ever.JULIETFor ever and ever.Alex drinks, then puts his glass down. Juliet drinks but does not 
          drain her glass. David sits still.ALEXWhat's the problem?DAVIDI want to talk now.ALEXAfter you drink to love and happiness forever.DAVIDNow.ALEXAfter.JULIETDavid, I promise we will. Keep him happy.ALEXIt's not for me. It's for love and happiness forever.David reaches out to take his glass. Suddenly, Alex flings an arm 
          out to point, knocking over David's glass and completely losing 
          interest.ALEX(CONTINUED)Look over there. It's Cameron.JULIETWho?ALEXCameron. You remember Cameron.JULIETNo, I don't.ALEXWhat's he doing here?JULIETThat's not him.ALEXYes, it is. It's him. Cameron, Cameron, come on over.Yo!From some distance away, Cameron becomes aware of Alex and 
          cautiously makes his way across until he stands a few feet from 
          the table.CAMERONWhat?ALEXNothing. We thought you were someone else.Alex falls forward, laughing, and the other two also laugh as 
          Cameron walks away, humiliated again.ALEX(CONTINUED)Good luck. I love that guy, but why does he have to follow us 
          around?DAVIDAnyway, what I was wanting to say was this --BRIAN(UNSEEN)The divine Juliet. Long time no see.Brian approaches and is standing behind their table.JULIETBrian.BRIANWould you care to dance?DAVIDHold on there. Who do you think you are?BRIANWhat?DAVIDWho do you think you are? You interrupted us.BRIANI'm Brian McKinley, and who are you?DAVIDWell, Brian McKinley, if you want to talk to my girlfriend, you 
          talk to me first. If you want to dance with her, then you apply 
          in writing three weeks in advance or you're gonna end up insode a 
          fucking bin-bag. You didn't apply, so you don't dance.Shocked and frightened, Brian backs away, then turns around to 
          complete his departure. Juliet restrains David with a touch as 
          they watch him go.JULIETDo you think you could be a little more forceful next time?DAVIDI'm sorry.JULIETIt's alright. I think he got the message anyway.DAVIDThat was stressful. I found that stressful.ALEXYeah, but you were good, you were really good. Fucking bin-bag', 
          I liked that. You were good. You explored your maleness to the 
          full there.DAVIDYou think so?JULIETWell, you certainly had a good look around.ALEXYou were magnificent.INT. TOILETS. NIGHTThe gents' toilet. Brightly-lit and white-tiled. Alex walk in and 
          goes into a cubicle and closes the door. We hear him whistling 
          and laughing as he passes urine. He keeps muttering bin-bag' to 
          himself. Then he flushes the toilet and opens the door. As he 
          does so a look of surprise appears on his face as he sees someone 
          waiting for him.ALEXCameron! What a surprise.As Alex is speaking Cameron's fist flies forward, hitting him in 
          the face and sending him flying backwards. Cameron enters the 
          cubicle and closes the door behind him.INT. HALL. MORNINGMail falls through the letter box.INT. KITCHEN. MORNING.Alex does not stir.INT. HALL. MORNINGDavid emerges from his room, ready for his work. He looks towards 
          the kitchen, then walks to the door and opens it.INT. KITCHEN. MORNINGWe hear the main door closing as David leaves. Alex jolts with 
          energy with every sound. The telephone begins to ring. Juliet 
          looks at Alex expectantly, but he does not move. Eventually she 
          gets up and answers it.JULIETHello. Hello.ALEXWho was it?JULIETDon't know. No one said anything.ALEXRendered speechless with desire. I recall that feeling, from the 
          days when I had such a thing.JULIETAre you all right?ALEXNo.JULIETThen let's spend some money.INT. FLAT. DAYThere follows a video depicting the results of Alex's and 
          Juliet's spending spree. It opens with Alex seated at the kitchen 
          table talking to the camera, absolutely deadpan.ALEXHello. It's been a struggle, but now the days of worry are over, 
          the light at the end of the tunnel has expanded into a golden 
          sunrise and at last, at long last, nothing will ever be the same 
          again.Alex leans out and the camera foloows him as he presses the play 
          button on a tape recorder. The music begins.Fast cuts follow, occasionally interrupted by out-of-focus shots 
          of the floor or ceiling as the camera swivels round and is 
          switched on and off.Alex wearing several different suits, outfits and silk pyjamas.Juliet wearing several different outfits.Both of them posing with small objets d'art.The expensive watch on Alex's wrist.Juliet's jewellery.Expensive toys.Juliet takes a picture of Alex with a Polaroid camera.Alex holds the camcorder out at arm's length in order to film 
          himself and turns to the camera and adjusts his tie.ALEX(CONTINUED)This is Alex Law reporting from the scene of his own life, and 
          you know, I'm so happy I could die.Darkness. TV. Turned off.INT. LIVING ROOM. DAYThe music has stopped.David presses the eject button and lifts the video from the 
          player.Alex and Juliet are seated on the sofa, surrounded by their 
          acquisitions, and are evidently a little embarrassed. Juliet is 
          holding the Polaroid of Alex.DAVIDI think we ought to scrub this, don't you?David reinserts the tape and presses record.ALEXWill you calm down.JULIETYeah, you're making us all nervous.David picks up the Polaroid of Alex and throws it down, then 
          picks up a vase.DAVIDHow much did you pay?ALEXI don't know.DAVIDHow much did you pay?ALEXI don't know.DAVIDHow much?ALEXI don't know.JULIETTwo hundred.DAVIDTwo hundred pounds?JULIETTwo hundred pounds.DAVIDYou paid two hundred pounds for this?JULIETThat's what it cost, David.DAVIDNo, no, no. That's what you paid for it. Two hundred pounds is 
          what you paid for it. We don't know what it cost us yet, for you 
          two to have a good time, we don't know the cost of that yet.From out in the hall, the phone starts to ring. Nobody moves.INT. DAVID'S ROOM. NIGHTDavid lies awake in his bed.INT. A FLAT HALLWAY. NIGHTHearing the noise, David sits up in bed, then gets out, reaching 
          for his clothes.INT. STAIRWELL. NIGHTDavid looks down the stairwell. Other neighbours, in nightclothes 
          or hurriedly dressed, are standing at the open door of the flat 
          below. David descends the the stairs and looks into the hall of 
          the other flat where the occupant, an Elderly Woman, lies 
          groaning on the floor.A hand on David's shoulder pushes him out of the way and two 
          uniformed policemen walk past, followed by an ambulance man 
          carrying a stretcher.DAVIDDid they take anything? Did they take anything?No one acknowledges his question or answers it.The ambulance men emerge carrying the woman, her face bruised and 
          cut. Everyone else begins to melt away.INT. STAIRWELL. NIGHTDavid stands alone on the darkened stairwell.INT. DAVID'S ROOM. NIGHTDavid lies awake in his bed.INT. DOOR OF THE FLAT. DAYSomeone attempts to open the door but cannot because there are 
          two new security chains on the inside. The door is forced against 
          the chains with no success and Alex calls from the other side.ALEXWhat is this? What is going on? David!David approaches the door.DAVIDI'll let you in.David closes the door and looks through a new spyhole to see Alex 
          grinning at him while he releases the chains and then opens the 
          door again. Alex walks in.ALEXWhat is this?DAVIDSecurity.DAVIDFrom what? Jehovah's Witnesses?DAVIDThere was a break-in.ALEXDownstairs, I know. Pensioner's terror ordeal: page six.Alex hands David a rolled-up newspaper.DAVIDDoesn't it worry you?ALEXNo, it doesn't. I tried to let it worry me but it won't. I've 
          worked on that paper for three years. There is a pensioner's 
          terror ordeal on page six every day. Every day. Maybe when I'm a 
          pensioner it'll worry me.Alex notices some more tools and the stepladder leading up to the 
          trapdoor.ALEX(CONTINUED)What's all this for, more security?DAVIDI fitted a lock up there. On the inside.ALEXOh, that'll come in useful.INT. KITCHEN. NIGHTAlex is serving on plates from a large bowl of pasta.David and Juliet sit at the tabel.JULIETIs this the same stuff you made last week?ALEXNo, no, it's different.JULIETI hope it tastes better than the other stuff.ALEXIt tastes different.JULIETI don't want it to taste different. I don't know why I bother. Is 
          that enough for you? Hey!DAVIDWhat? Yes, that's fine.ALEXYou're sure? There's lots more.DAVIDNo, I'm sure, that'll be enough.ALEXWhat's wrong?DAVIDNothing.ALEXYou're not eating.DAVIDNot eating what?ALEXNot eating like you used to, that's what.DAVIDIf you give me the plate, I'll eat.Alex hands him the plate and he starts to eat. Alex watches him 
          chew a mouthful.ALEXNow swallow.David does so.ALEX(CONTINUED)You know, you should spend some of that money instead of worrying 
          about it. That's my advice.JULIETHe's right. You'd feel much better about it.David has stopped eating.ALEXOnce it's spent you won't have to worry about it.JULIETBe like a weight off your shoulders.ALEXYou know we're right.JULIETDon't you?DAVIDI want to secure it.ALEXSecure it? What do you mean -- you're gong to take it to a bank? 
          You're not going to take it to a bank? You're not going to take 
          it to a bank Or what, you want to bury it? Is that it?JULIETI don't see the point in that.ALEXBecause that's no good. Remember, we did what we did, we took the 
          money. It was a material calculation. But what's the use if it's 
          underground, or in some funny bank in some funny place? If you 
          can't spend it, if you can't have it, what use is it? None. It's 
          nothing, all for nothing, if you do that. I didn't get into this 
          for nothing, so that I could have nothing --DAVIDYeah, and you didn't saw his feet off.There is silence. David resumes eating.DAVID(CONTINUED)It tastes different.INT. HALL. NIGHTAlex stands at the sink doing some washing up. He hears footsteps 
          from the loft above. He stops what he is doing and walks slowly 
          out ot the hall.INT. LOFT. NIGHTIn the darkness we can just make out David's eyes as he sits in 
          darkness.ALEX(calling from below)
          David, David, what are you doing up there?The torch goes on. David lifts the bag of money from between the 
          rafters. He puts it inside another thick yellow plastic bag, 
          which he ties tightly with string.David opens the water tank.Alex's voice can be heard throughout.ALEX(continued; calling from below)
          Will you come down now. It's not safe up there. Are you listening 
          to me. Security and insanity are not the same thing.INT. HALL. NIGHTALEXShit.INT. KITCHEN. NIGHTJuliet sits drinking coffee, while Alex sands in the doorway 
          looking up towards the trapdoor.JULIETLeave him alone.ALEXHe can't stay up there.JULIETHe'll come down. Leave him alone.ALEXYeah, he's got to go to work, hasn't he? You think he'll come 
          down for that?JULIETNo, but he's looking after the money, so what's the problem?ALEXLooking after it -- he's probably fucking well eating it.INT. HOSPITAL. DAYJuliet looks through the door from a small office out into the 
          main waiting area in the casualty departmet. It is busy and there 
          are rooms of people nursing injuries waiting to be seen. More 
          file past the door while she watches with no enthusiasm.INT. HALL. DAYThe trapdoor opens. David's head appears. He looks around and 
          listens carfeully.INT. LUMSDEN'S OFFICE. DAYLumsden answers his telephone.INT. HALL. DAYDavid speaks on the telephone.DAVIDIt's my mother, sir, she's very ill and I think I need to be with 
          her just now. I don't know. The doctors aren't sure. It could go 
          either way. Yes, sir, I'll certainly stay in touch.INT. BATHROOM. DAYDavid shaves carefully with a safety razor.INT. KITCHEN. DAYBacon and eggs fry in a pan. David attends to them while drinking 
          from a large tumbler of orange juice.INT. HOSPITAL. DAYA Sister hands Juliet a casualty case sheet. Juliet reads it.JULIETPainful groin? What does that mean?SISTERI don't know. He wouldn't show me.Juliet draws back the curtain of a cubicle. Alex is sitting on a 
          trolly.ALEXBoy, am I glad to see you.JULIETWhat are you doing here?ALEXWe have to talk.JULIETYour painful groin?She turns and walks away. Alex chases after her.ALEXLater. But first -- him.JULIETDavid?ALEXExactly. Now I've been thinking --JULIETOh, good.ALEXHe won't do anything for me, but for you --JULIETForget it.ALEXHe isn't safe up there. If you really cared about him, you'd use 
          your influence to get him down, then he'd be safe.JULIETAnd the money?ALEXWe could put it somewhere.JULIETWhere he can't get it?ALEXNow you thought of that, not me.JULIETForget it -- he'll come down.Juliet walks away.INT. HALL. DAYThe hall is empty and the flat is silent. We see the trapdoor.INT. LOFT. EVENINGDavid sits in the darkness. A crack of light penetrates beside 
          the trapdoor.INT. KITCHEN. NIGHTAlex and Juliet sit at the table, eating in silence.The doorbell rings. Alex and Juliet look at one another.ALEXExpecting anyone?JULIETNo.ALEXOh.Alex resumes eating.JULIETAren't you going to answer it?ALEXWell, I'm not expecting anyone either.Juliet glares at him.INT. HALL. NIGHTAlex approaches the door and is about to open it. At the last 
          moment he checks himself and looks through the spyhole.INT. THROUGH THE SPYHOLE. NIGHTTim and Andy stand outside the door.INT. HALL. NIGHTAlex, slightly puzzled, fixes the security chains before opening 
          the door. As soon as he opens it, the door is kicked wide open as 
          the security chains break off. Tim and Andy enter the flat.In a whirlwind of force they drag and shove Alex and Juliet into 
          the living room and bind them up with cord. There are no words 
          apart from slightly muffled cries.At the end of this Andy stands in front of Alex holding a 
          crowbar. Swiftly and without warning, he cracks it across Alex's 
          shins. Then Andy slowly puts one one end of the crowbar into 
          Alex's mouth. For a moment he does nothing, then just as slowly 
          again, he takes the crowbar out.ALEXIt's in the loft.INT. HALL. NIGHTThe trapdoor is closed but the sound of it being unlocked can 
          just be heard (although not by anyone in the flat.INT. HALL. NIGHTTim pulls the ladder across to the trapdoor.INT. LOFT. NIGHTIt is completely dark in the loft, but as the trapdoor opens a 
          shaft of light strikes upwards and illuminates a small pool 
          around the opening.INT. LOFT. NIGHTAway from the trapdoor there appears to be a wall of uniform 
          darkness, but then we see a pair of eyes in the darkness. It is 
          David. He stands perfectly still.There is a hammer in his right hand.INT. LOFT. NIGHTTim's head appears through the trapdoor. Cautiously he lifts 
          himself through and balances on the beams.INT. HALL. NIGHTThe hall is empty, but we can see the open trapdoor. Suddenly 
          there is a single thud, as might be caused by a body landing 
          heavily on and across some beams in the loft.INT. LOFT. NIGHTDavid stands motionless in the dark, exactly as before.INT. LIVING ROOM. NIGHTAndy has heard the single thud. He strains to hear anything else 
          but does not. Slowly he backs away to the door of the living 
          room, keeping the crowbar trained on Alex as he does so. He looks 
          back and up towards the trapdoor.INT. LOFT. NIGHTOnce again a small pool of light emanates from the open trapdoor. 
          Andy emerges into the front of this, crowbar in hand, peering 
          into the darkness. Carefully he stands up and moves out of the 
          light and steps across the beams. His foot strikes something and 
          he looks down. Tim's body lies spread-eagled beneath him. He 
          looks up. To one side of him is the brass light switch. Andy 
          lifts his arm, reaches towards it and switches it on. Sparks pour 
          out for a moment and then the light comes on for a fraction of a 
          second, long enough for Andy to see David's face is only 
          centimetres from his own.INT. HALL. NIGHTAlex and Juliet are bound together as before. There is a loud 
          thud from the ceiling, following by a few heavy steps. Then 
          Andy's body falls headfirst through the trapdoor, straight down 
          to the floor below, landing awkwardly and coming to rest with his 
          head hanging back, looking towards Alex and Juliet. Andy takes 
          one agonal breath and dies. Blood trickles from the side of his 
          mouth.Tim's body lands on Andy.David drops himself from the hatch to the floor.David takes a large knife from a wooden block.Back in the hall he kneels, holding the knife, beside Tim. 
          Noticing something at the top of tim's neck, he uses the knife to 
          lift away Tim's T-shirt. A tattoo covers Tim's neck. David looks 
          at it, then stands up.He walks through to the living room, where Alex and Juliet, still 
          bound, watch him approach. He looks at them for a moment, then 
          extends the knife and cuts the cord in one place.EXT. FOREST. NIGHTIn a scene similar to the dismemberment of Hugo, we see David's 
          shoulders as he saws back and forth at something unseen. He stops 
          and reaches out for the hammer, picks it up and raises it above 
          his head.EXT. ROAD. DAWNThe van is silhouetted against a rising sun.INT. BACK OF THE VAN. DAWNThe tools and the yellow sack slide about in the back of the van.INT. VAN. DAWNDavid is driving. Alex and Juliet are huddled silently away from 
          him. David seems quite at ease.A thick bunch of keys dangles from the ignition. Juliet observes 
          them.INT. LOFT. DAYDavid sits still in the darkness.INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE. DAYAlex sits at his desk fidgeting, about to write something but 
          unable to start. On the screen of his word processor is a page 
          mock-up with the headline CATS EAT PENSIONER'. As the telephone 
          on his desk rings, he is startled, then reaches out, slowly lifts 
          it fractionally and replaces it.INT. TRAVEL AGENT'S. DAYHunched over a VDU, the Salesman is offering Juliet a range of 
          flights.SALESMANOctober 15th, direct flight, London Heathrow to Rio de Janeiro, 
          British Airways, you are looking at seven hundred and sixty-five 
          pounds. Seven six five.JULIETThat sounds fine.SALESMANAir Portugal, on the other hand, via Lisbon, same day, five 
          hundred and sixty-five. Five six five. It's up to you. Catering 
          important?JULIETWhat?SALESMANAir France. Glasgow. Direct, but then you're looking at the wrong 
          end of nine hundred and twelve pounds. That's nine one two. It's 
          up to you.JULIETYes, the first one's fine. Heathrow direct.SALESMANIt's up to you. Air Patagonia. New outfit: via Caracas and Bogot 
          . No catering. Four hundred and eleven pounds. Four one one. Good 
          value, but refueling at Bogot is variable.JULIETThe first one was fine.SALESMANWell, it's up to you. Seven six five. How will you be paying?INT. HALL. NIGHTThe hall is empty but we can hear David's footsteps on the beams 
          above.INT. LIVING ROOM. NIGHTAlex sits watching The Wicker Man on televison. He can hear the 
          footsteps above. He turns the sound up on the television so that 
          he cannot hear them, but he keeps looking up at the ceiling, as 
          though he expects to hear them or see somwthing.Eventually he turns the sound back down and, after a moment's 
          silence, the footsteps start again, back and forth, then stop.Alex looks up.Without warning there is the sound of an electric drill.The blade of the drill appears through the ceiling and is then 
          withdrawn. Alex is shocked. Other drill holes appear.INT. VARIOUS CEILINGS. NIGHTHoles are drilled in the ceilings.INT. LOFT. NIGHTRods of light penetrate up from the holes, interrupting but not 
          obliterating the darknes. David sits back, pleased with his work.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. NIGHTJuliet sits at her desk. Alex stands in the doorway. He is about 
          to speak. Juliet raises a finger to her lips. They both look at 
          the ceiling.EXT. GARDEN AT FRONT OF THE FLAT. NIGHTEstablishing shot of Alex and Juliet in garden.INT. HALL. NIGHTThe trapdoor is open.INT. ALEX'S ROOM. NIGHTDavid is searching through Alex's desk, looking through letters 
          and folders, then shoving them back into drawers.EXT. GARDEN AT THE FRONT OF THE FLAT. NIGHTALEXNo, definitely not. And that's that. I refuse to discuss it 
          further.JULIETIt's the only way.ALEXI refuse.JULIETYou're frightened.ALEXNo, I'm not frightened. A little terrified maybe. Did you see 
          what happened to the last two who tried that? They went up alive 
          and they came down dead -- the difference, I mean, alive dead 
          dead alive, that sort of thing. It wasn't difficult to spot. He 
          killed them both: he cut them up.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. NIGHTDavid is now searching through Juliet's desk. He picks up a large 
          brown envelope and looks into it. Beneath it is the airline 
          ticket envelope.The doorbell rings.INT. THROUGH THE SPYHOLE. NIGHTMcCall and Mitchell stand outside the door.INT. HALL. NIGHTDavid opens the door. McCall smiles.MCCALLGood evening. I'm Detective Inspector McCall and this is DC 
          Mitchell. I wonder if we could ask you some questions.DAVIDWhat about?MCCALLIt's about the burglary.DAVIDBurglary?MCCALLDownstairs.DAVIDOf course.MCCALLCan we come in?INT. LIVING ROOM. NIGHTDavid sits on the sofa while the two policemen sit on armchairs 
          several feet apart.DAVIDSo I just heard her cries for help and all that, and when I went 
          downstairs there were already those other people there, so I just 
          stood around really, waiting -- you know how people do -- and 
          then when your colleagues arrived I came back upstairs. And 
          that's about all, I think. I didn't actually see anything useful, 
          I don't think.MCCALLdid you hear anything before he cries?DAVIDNo, not that I recall, I was asleep.MCCALLHave you seen anything or anyone suspicious around here in the 
          last few days?DAVIDNo, nothing, sorry.MCCALLWell, if you do, you'll let us know?DAVIDOf course.MCCALLAnd the other three people on the flat, did they hear anything?DAVIDThere are only two other people in the flat.McCall consults a notebook.MCCALLTwo?DAVIDWho said there were four?MCCALLWe understood there were four people living here. Not always, of 
          course, but now, four.DAVIDNo, three. Who said there were four?MCCALLHow strange. And how unsatisfactory to have misleading 
          information. Only three people here. You're sure?DAVIDYes, absolutely.MCCALLTake a note of that, Mitchell. Only three, rather than four. 
          Write it down. You can use numbers or words, I have no 
          preference. Which are you using?MITCHELLBoth, sir.MCCALLExcellent. DC Mitchell is a rising star, Mr. Stevens. Under my 
          tutelage he will undoubtedly make the grade.DAVIDI see.MCCALLI doubt it. And these two other people, did they hear anything?DAVIDNo, they were asleep. They didn't even wake up.MCCALLYes. Why do you think you woke and they didn't?DAVIDI don't know. Maybe I'm a light sleeper.Uncomfortably, David realizes that Mitchell has noted down even 
          this last, trivial remark in a painful longhand and has 
          underlined a short segment of it.INT. HALL. NIGHTIn the hallway of the flat Mitchell stands at the open main door, 
          waiting to leave. McCall is kneeling at the door to Hugo's room, 
          tracing his finger down the broken lintel and lock. David looks 
          on.MCCALLLoks like you had a break-in up here as well.DAVIDSomeone lost the key.McCall gently pushes the door open and the light from the hall 
          illuminates Hugo's room.MCCALLIs this where no one stays?DAVIDYeah, that's right, that's it.David notices that Mitchell is writing this down.INT. GARDEN AT FRONT OF THE FLAT. NIGHTALEXYou'll wait in the hall?JULIETI'll wait there.ALEXAnd if it sounds like I'm being killed, you'll phone the police, 
          you'll tell them everything?JULIETEverything.ALEXEverything. Except maybe that it was his idea and not mine in the 
          first place. OK? That's important to me. I need to die 
          misunderstood.JULIETAlex.ALEXWhat?JULIETAs smart as you are, you'll need a little help.She hands Alex a Yale key. Alex stares at it.INT. LOFT. NIGHTIn the darkness, the sound of the lock being turned is heard.INT. HALL. NIGHTAlex tsands at the top of the ladder, holding the key in the 
          trapdoor lock.ALEXAll right, David, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to open this 
          lock and I'm going to come up, and what's important is that you 
          remain calm.There is one light on. Juliet stands at the bottom of the ladder. 
          Having opened the trapdoor, Alex stops and listens, but there is 
          no sound above his own breathing. Juliet throws up a torch, which 
          he catches. He switches it on. It shines, then goes out, and he 
          knocks it against the ladder, making it work again. Slowly he 
          pushes the trapdoor open.INT. LOFT. NIGHTThe trapdoor opens. Below it, Alex crouches on the ladder, 
          expecting attack at any moment. He looks back down to Juliet, who 
          returns his gaze, then he slowly raises himself into the loft.He turns around quickly, darting the torchlight around into 
          corners and squinting in the darkness, but he sees nothing.The torch goes out. Cursing, he knocks it against a beam and it 
          shines again.Slowly he moves further from the trapdoor into the centre of the 
          loft, still turning around and worried about what might be behind 
          him.INT. HALL. NIGHTJuliet stands waiting, braced for sounds of conflict.INT. LOFT. NIGHTAlex is still looking but has relaxed a little, feeling les in 
          danger. In one corner he notices David's pile of left-possessions 
          and the mat on which he has been sleeping. He moves towards it.INT. HALL. NIGHTJuliet stands, still waiting.INT. LOFT. NIGHTAlex stands in David's corner. With another sweep of the torch he 
          can still see nothing. He calls to Juliet.ALEXHe isn't up here.INT. HALL. NIGHTA close-up of Juliet's face, just as David's hand slams across 
          her mouth, gripping her tightly while his other hand clamps on 
          the back of her head. David's mouth is right up against her ear 
          as he spits a warning into it.DAVIDTell him to look for the money.Slowly, David relaxes his grip on Juliet.JULIETLook for the money.INT. LOFT. NIGHTAlex, cheerful now, is looking in the rafters.ALEXDon't worry, that's what I'm doing.INT. HALL. NIGHTDavid holds Juliet across her face again. She is terrified and 
          does not struggle.DAVIDExpecting anyone?JULIETWhat?DAVIDWere you expecting anyone? Tonight?JULIETNo.DAVIDVisitors? Some friends maybe? Someone you talked to?JULIETNo one. I promise.DAVIDWho have you talked to?JULIETNo one.DAVIDIf I think you're lying --INT. LOFT. NIGHTAlex stands gazing around the loft.ALEX(from the loft)
          Well, it's not up here.INT. HALL. NIGHTDavid pulls Juliet to one side.INT. LOFT. NIGHTAlex is about to descend when he notices the water tank. He walks 
          over and lifts the lid. His face breaks into a smile as he 
          realizes what it holds. He dips an arm into the tank, raises the 
          yellow bag, then quickly lowers it again. Alex steps back from 
          the water tank.INT. HALL. NIGHTAlex appears at the top of the ladder. Without looking, he slides 
          down as quickly as he can, calling out as he does so.ALEXJuliet, I have --Alex reaches the base of the ladder. He turns around to find 
          himself facing the blade of the battery-operated drill, held by 
          David. Juliet stands off to one side.ALEX(CONTINUED)-- a problem.David holds the drill even closer until it is almost touching the 
          centre of Alex's forehead and presses the trigger' to turn the 
          blade slowly as he speaks.Alex does not move at all.DAVIDYou looking for me?ALEXLooking for you? Yes.DAVIDWhat for? What did you want? The money? Was that it?ALEXWe just wanted to speak to you.Alex's hands and sleeves are wet. A few drops of water fall from 
          his fingertips. Unnoticed by the other two, he slowly wipes his 
          hands on the back of his jeans.DAVIDWho else have you wanted to speak to? Maybe you thought they'd 
          already got me.The blade os the drill scrapes Alex's skin.ALEXWho?DAVIDYour friends.ALEXI don't know what you're talking about.JULIETHe doesn't know David.David holds the drill back slightly while he thinks. It could go 
          either way.DAVIDWell, maybe you don't --David lowers the drill and smiles.DAVID(CONTINUED)I'm talking about the police.INT. ALEX'S ROOM. DAYAlex has just woken up. He rubs his forehead. There is a nick in 
          it, where the drill has scratched. He rubs at it and examines the 
          drop of blood on the end of his finger.INT. DAVID'S POINT OF VIEW. ALEX'S ROOM. DAYLooking down from a hole in the ceiling, we see into Alex's room, 
          where he is getting dressed.INT. HALL. DAYAlex leaves his room and enters the hall.INT. LOFT. DAYLooking down from a hole in the ceiling, we see into Alex's room, 
          where he is getting dressed.INT. LOFT/HALL. DAYLooking down on Alex as he leaves the flat and closes the door.INT. LOFT. DAYDavid scurries back across the beams to look down through another 
          hole. He looks for several seconds.NOTE In the following sequence, Juliet's face is not seen until 
          her comment on it.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. DAYJuliet lies on her bed. She throws the covers back.INT. LOFT. DAYDavid is still looking down through the hole.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. DAYJuliet moves about her room. She is wearing a large, baggy T-
          shirt.INT. LOFT. DAYDavid still watching.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. DAYJuliet's legs are seen as the T-shirt lands on the floor beside 
          them.INT. LOFT. DAYDavid sits back suddenly, recoiling from the activity. He 
          scrambles back across to his mat, where he sits back down and 
          closes his eyes. Then he opens them and scrambles back to look 
          down again.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. DAYThe room is empty.The sound of the flat door closing is heard.From David's point of view we see:INT. LOFT/HALL (EMPTY). DAYINT. LOFT/LIVING ROOM (EMPTY). DAYINT. LOFT/KITCHEN (EMPTY). DAYINT. HALL. DAYDavid's head appears beneath the trapdoor. He hangs from the 
          hatch and drops down to the floor.INT. BATHROOM. DAYDavid showers.INT. HALL. DAYDavid emerges from the bathroom and walks towards the kitchen. We 
          follow him in.INT. KITCHEN. DAYDavid takes orange juice out of the fridge and pours himself a 
          glass. He sits at the table and looks briefly into a corner that 
          we cannot see. The expression oh his face does not change and his 
          voice is impassive.DAVIDI thought you'd gone to work.JULIET(UNSEEN)With a face like this?INT. KITCHEN. DAYJuliet's face. There are bruises across it where she was gripped 
          by David.INT. MONITOR SCREEN/NEWSPAPER OFFICE. DAYIn close-up we track along the following half-sentence: In the 
          event of my death I want the following facts to be known:' --The remainder of the screen is blank.Alex sits at his desk, deciding what to type next on the screen 
          seen before. A young Office Boy approaches his desk.OFFICE BOYThe editor wants to see you.INT. KITCHEN. MORNINGDavid sits while Juliet talks. She is now seated behind him.JULIETI remember how things used to be here, and I see how they are 
          now, and I don't know why it is. I don't know how we let you 
          become like this. We were your friends and we should have looked 
          after you.INT. EDITOR'S OFFICE. DAYAlex sits nervously while the Editor sits on the side of his 
          desk.EDITOROut in the woods. Three bodies. Decomposed. Mutilated. Beyond 
          recognition.ALEXI don't know anything about it.EDITOROf course you don't know anything about it. If you knew anything 
          about it, I wouldn't have to send you over there to cover it.ALEXCover it?EDITORWell?ALEXBut there's no --EDITORAnimals involved? I know, but you need a change. And besides, 
          we're short.ALEXI don't know.EDITORDon't know what?ALEXWell, I've got this story, it's really good, I'm working on, that 
          is good, I feel it could be big, it this, eh, and it's, you know, 
          it's incredible. Am I right, did you say beyond recognition'?INT. KITCHEN. DAYDavid and Juliet are seated as before.DAVIDI'm sorry.JULIETI should hope so.david turns towards her. He reaches out and softly touches her 
          face.DAVIDMaybe we can still sort everything out.Juliet takes his hand.JULIETWe can try.They look at one another.EXT. FOREST. DAYSeveral police and unmarked vehicles, including one mobile 
          incident room', stand on a rough track. Another car arrives at 
          the end and is parkeed to one side. Alex steps out.From where he stands, Alex can see towards the site of the 
          burials. There are a few policemen, uniformed and plain-clothes, 
          and a small knot of journalists, kept at bay by plastic tape 
          draped from tree to tree. Mounds of earth mark the site of the 
          exhumations.Alex walks past the other journalists into the woods. He looks 
          back towards the sight, then turns to look in the opposite 
          direction. He finds himself at the edge of a golf course. From 
          the green to the graves is hardly any distance.To one side, Alex sees McCall and Mitchell, hunched in earnest 
          discussion. Mitchell looks up briefly and ctaches Alex's eye.BINT. KITCHEN/HALL. DAYThe kitchen is empty. We track through the kitchen and out into 
          the hall, stopping at the door to Juliet's room.INT. JULIET'S ROOM. DAYDavid and Juliet are seated on the bed. Among the junk on her 
          bedside table is the Polaroid photograph of Alex, propped up 
          against a tumbler. Juliet reaches out and turns it away before 
          pulling David towards her.INT. MOBILE INCIDENT ROOM. DAYSeveral journalists sit close together on plastic chairs. Alex 
          sits at the back, near the half-open door. At the other end, 
          three police officers face them. They are a medium-ranking 
          Uniformed Officer, and to one side of him Mitchell and then 
          McCall, both of whom sit in silence.UNIFORMED OFFICERAll right, ladies and gentlemen, the releasable and print-worthy 
          facts of the day so far are as follows. Late yesterdat afternoon, 
          forestry workers came across one set of human remains lying in a 
          grave which appeared to have been recently dug. Further 
          excavation on our part has revealed two similar, deeper graves, 
          again containing human remains.Alex turns his head and looks out of the door towards the burial 
          site, now enclosed in a plastic tent. He continues to stare at 
          it.While Alex is looking, the sound of laughter and Uniformed 
          Officer's subsequent comments become muted and we hear the memory 
          of a sound in Alex's head: it is the noise of the saw going back 
          and forth across the victim's limbs.UNIFORMED OFFICER(CONTINUED)As and when the corpses are removed, we will endeavour to 
          ascertain the mode of death and duration of burial, as well as 
          identification, which will of course be passed on to you after 
          informing, where possible, the next of kin.Alex discreetly stands up and slips out of the van.EXT. FOREST. DAYAlex walks away from the incident room towards his car. He breaks 
          into a run for a few paces.The noise of the sawing continues.As he reaches his car, Alex fumbles in his pockets for his keys. 
          He is sweating and trembling. He drops his keys. As he bends down 
          to pick them up, his foot slips on the wet grass. He falls to his 
          knees, his forehead banging against the car door. He kneels for a 
          moment, gripping the keys, his head resting against the door.The noise of the sawing stops.From behind, the arm of a Police Constable reaches out and his 
          hand rests on Alex's shoulder.THE END