BOUNDWritten by

                                   Larry & Andy WachowskiFADE IN:Inside a closet.

               It is a large closet with double doors, a crisp line of light 
               cutting down through the center of the darkness.

               As we begin to descend, voices echo in our head.VIOLET (V.O.)I had this image of you, inside of 
                         me, like a part of me.

               We move past a shelf filled with hatboxes and handbags.  It 
               is a woman's closet.CORKY (V.O.)You planned this whole thing, didn't 
                         you?CAESAR (V.O.)Where's the fucking money?

               We glide over the tightly packed hangers, close enough to 
               feel the different fabrics and descend past the dresses to 
               the racks of high heels.VIOLET (V.O.)We make our own choices, we pay our 
                         own prices.CAESAR (V.O.)All part of the business.VIOLET (V.O.)All part of the business.CORKY (V.O.)What choice?

               We slide along the delicate taper of a stiletto heel and 
               reach the bottom of the closet, where we find a pair of black 
               Dr. Martens boots that are tied together with a white rope.VIOLET (V.O.)I want out.

               We move up the boots and we see it is a woman who is bound, 
               lying motionless on the floor of the closet, the rope coiling 
               tightly around her wrists.

               The crack at the bottom of the door lights her face.  She is 
               gagged and unconscious, a trickle of blood running down her 
               forehead.  Her name is CORKY.VIOLET (V.O.)Like a part of me.CUT TO:INT.  ELEVATOR - DAYLeaning against the back of the elevator is Corky, a very 
               butch-looking woman with short hair and a black leather 
               jacket.  She is a lesbian and wants people to know it.

               As the doors begin to slide shut, a woman yells.WOMANWait!  Hold the elevator.

               Corky pushes the "open" button.  A couple steps into the 
               elevator.  His name is CAESAR, a middle-aged Italian, wearing 
               an expensive suit and sunglasses.

               She is VIOLET; a piece of sexual candy that would melt in 
               your mouth.

               She hears it again, a guttural sound.CORKYThanks again for this opportunity, 
                         Mr. Bianchinni.  Goodbye.

               She hangs up the phone and walks toward the wall.

               As she gets closer, we hear a bed rocking, tapping against 
               the wall.

               The man's breathing grows more and more labored until finally 
               it swells --DISSOLVING INTO:INT.  BATHROOM - MORNINGThe whining motor of a high-powered drain-rod.

               The spiral cable whips wildly, spiraling deeper into the tub 
               drain, black goo splattering everywhere.

               The machine is so loud Corky almost cannot hear someone 
               pounding on the apartment door.

               Killing the motor, she stands and goes to the door.

               Behind the door is Violet, wearing jeans, a white T-shirt 
               and cowboy boots.VIOLETHi.  My name is Violet.  We sort of 
                         met in the elevator --CORKYYeah, sure.  I'm Corky.VIOLETI heard you working in here and I 
                         just wondered if you'd like a cup of 
                         coffee?

               She is holding two cups of coffee: one black, one with cream.CORKYSure.  Come on in.  Give me a minute.

               Violet steps inside as Corky goes back to the bathroom to 
               wash off the drain dreck.VIOLETWhat happened to Rajeev?

               Corky calls from the bathroom, scrubbing her hands vigorously.CORKYWho?VIOLETRajeev, the man who usually works on 
                         the building.CORKYOh, he went home to India, but as 
                         far as I know he'll be back.

               She wipes her hands on her overalls, returning to the main 
               room.VIOLETSo this is temporary for you?CORKYPretty much.  One day at a time.

               Violet hands her the cup of black coffee.VIOLETI guessed you were straight black.CORKYGood guess.

               They both sip from the piping hot mugs.CORKYMmmm ...  thanks, I needed this.VIOLETMy pleasure ...  but to be honest, I 
                         did have a slightly ulterior motive 
                         here.  I was wondering if I could 
                         ask a small favor?CORKYA favor?VIOLETYeah, see, I'm kind of a night person, 
                         so I was wondering if it wasn't a 
                         terrible inconvenience if you could 
                         wait a bit before using power tools.CORKYOh, I'm sorry --VIOLETNo, it isn't your fault.  The walls 
                         here are just so thin.CORKYAre they really?VIOLETYes, it really causes problems.  
                         Sometimes it's like you're in the 
                         same room.  But if it's too much 
                         trouble, I understand ...CORKYNo, no trouble.  There's other work 
                         to do.VIOLETYou're doing everything yourself?CORKYYeah.VIOLETThat is so amazing.  I'm in awe of 
                         people who can fix things.  My dad 
                         was like that.  We never had anything 
                         new.  Whenever something broke he 
                         would open it up, tinker with it and 
                         it would work.  His hands were magic.

               She looks at Corky's hands cupped around the mug.VIOLETYeah ...  I bet your car is twenty 
                         years old.

               Corky smiles.CORKYTruck.VIOLETTruck.  Of course.CORKY'63 Chevy.VIOLETI knew it.VIOLET SIPSVIOLETSo, how do you know the owner, Mr. 
                         Bianchinni?CORKYI don't, really.  I was referred to 
                         him.VIOLETOh, really.

               Corky suddenly feels she has revealed something.CORKYDo you know him?VIOLETNo, but Caesar does.  He likes him.  
                         Says he's a good Italian.CORKYCaesar is your husband?VIOLETOh no, no.  I'm not the marrying 
                         kind.

               Smiling, she says nothing else.VIOLETI should be going.  You can drop the 
                         cup off anytime.CORKYThanks.VIOLETMy pleasure.

               CORKY watches her leave.EXT.  THE WATERING HOLE - NIGHTA dirty bar hidden away on a dark street, its cracked, moon-
               white sign the only evidence it exists.

               Corky's truck swings into a space in front of a couple of 
               large motorcycles.  She flips her collar and heads for the 
               door.INT.  THE WATERING HOLE - NIGHTThe smell of leather and cigarette smoke fills Corky's nose 
               as she crosses to the bar.BARTENDERWell, well ...

               Corky sits as the fat bartender waddles over.BARTENDERBeen awhile, Cork.CORKYFive years, two months, sixteen days.  
                         How you doing, Sue?

               Corky puts a cigarette in her mouth and lights it.SUELike shit.  Now that we're all caught 
                         up, how about a drink?

               Sue opens the refrigerator and pulls out two Old Styles.CORKYThanks.

               They click the bottles together and drink.SUEYou got a job yet?CORKYYeah.  Some plumbing, painting and 
                         shit.

               Sue laughs.SUEI mean a J-O-B.  A real job.CORKYNot for me, Sue.  I'm straight and 
                         narrow.  I'm just here to get laid 
                         or drunk and hopefully both.

               Corky gets off the stool.CORKYThanks for the beer.

               Looking around, she sees a woman alone at one of the back 
               tables.  Through the smoky din, she bears a slight resemblance 
               to Violet.

               The woman is dressed all in black, including a leather jacket.

               Smiling, Corky slides into the chair beside her.  There is 
               no one smoother.CORKYHi.WOMANHello.CORKYYou know ...  that outfit would look 
                         great on my bedroom floor.

               The woman smiles just as someone taps Corky on the shoulder.

               She turns and is face-to-face with a large bull of a woman 
               in a heavy leather Chicago Police jacket.  She is more wide 
               than fat.WOMAN COPHey, Jesse.  What's happening here?CORKYNothing ...  yet.WOMAN COPWho's this?

               Her coat opens as she puts her hands on her hips.  A service 
               revolver is clipped to her belt.

               She squints at Corky, her head nodding in recognition.WOMAN COPWait, I know you.CORKYI don't think so.WOMAN COPI didn't know you were out.

               Corky smiles at the woman in black.CORKYWhen you get tired of Cagney and 
                         Lacey, come find me.

               She heads for the exit.EXT.  CITY STREET - NIGHTThe neighborhood would be politely described as "rough." 
               Corky's truck does not stand out parked alone on the littered 
               street.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - NIGHTIt is a hole but it is home.

               Corky is lying on her futon staring up at the ceiling, a 
               beer resting on her stomach; a folk singer quietly croons 
               from the radio.

               We see the ceiling, a circle of light hovering over the small 
               desk lamp.  We move in on the spot, which slowly fills up 
               the screen until there is nothing but the white light.

               Suddenly a wet paint roller loaded with white paint cuts a 
               swath across the ceiling.MATCH CUT TO:INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - DAYCorky is painting the ceiling.  The folk ballad has become 
               an angry Riot Grrrl anthem.

               She is working hard, the roller sucking back and forth.  
               Sweat covers her face.

               Dropping the roller down, she reloads it in the tray when 
               the phone rings.  She stops and answers it.CORKYHello?  Oh, hi, Mr. Bianchinni ...  
                         yes, everything is going fine.  I 
                         got the tub drain all cleaned out.

               She listens for a moment.CORKYWhat apartment?

               She glances at the main wall.CORKYAll right, all right, I guess I could 
                         take a look.  Yeah, you're welcome, 
                         goodbye.

               She hangs up and looks again at the wall, feeling...  curious.INT.  HALL - NIGHTCorky knocks and after a moment Violet opens the door.  She 
               seems surprised.VIOLETOh no.  Shit.  I didn't know he would 
                         call you.  God, you must think |I'm 
                         a total nuisance.CORKYNot exactly.VIOLETI'm sorry, I usually would call 
                         Rajeev, but I didn't know what to do 
                         so I called Mr. Bianchinni.CORKYHe said you lost something.VIOLETYeah, come on in.

               She steps back and Corky walks inside.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTViolet leads her through the apartment.  It is expensively 
               furnished with very masculine tastes; a lot of gray and black 
               leather.VIOLETI was doing some dishes and just as 
                         I pulled the stopper my earring fell 
                         in.

               Corky looks at her blankly.VIOLETIt's one of my favorites.  That's 
                         why I got upset.  I know it probably 
                         seems ridiculous to you.

               An eyebrow goes up.VIOLETI'm sorry, look, forget it.  I 
                         shouldn't have called...CORKYI told Bianchinni I would take a 
                         look.  Is it that sink?

               Violet nods.

               She opens the sink cabinet and pulls out a pair of channel 
               locks from her back pocket.  The teeth of the channel locks 
               open and bite onto the pressure nut.CORKYDo you have a pot or a bucket?VIOLETSure.

               She hands one down to her.  Corky slides it under the curved 
               pipe.

               As she works, Corky feels herself staring at Violet, at the 
               hem of her dress curving tightly around her thighs.

               Water begins to trickle into the pan.

               The nut slides loose and Corky tips the trap.  Water splashes 
               into the pan with a soft metal "tink."VIOLETDid you find it?

               Corky fishes into gray water and pulls out the earring.

               Violet screams, a huge smile on her face, half-falling as 
               she tries to hug Corky.VIOLETI can't believe it!  You did it!

               Corky leans back under and replaces the trap.VIOLETThank you so much.  You have to let 
                         me pay you something --CORKYNo.  Mr. Bianchinni asked me to do 
                         it.  I did it.

               Corky checks the drain by running the water.VIOLETIf you won't take money, how about a 
                         drink?  It's getting late.  You can't 
                         work all night.

               Corky eyes her for a moment.CORKYOkay, one drink.VIOLETWhat do you want?CORKYA beer?VIOLETA beer.  Of course.

               She smiles and turns to the bar.VIOLETSit down.

               Corky sits on the black leather couch and Violet returns 
               with two bottles of Heineken.  Corky sneers.VIOLETThanks again.

               They clink the bottles and swig.VIOLETYou seem uncomfortable.  Do I make 
                         you nervous, Corky?CORKYNo.

               She looks at Violet, then takes another long pull on the 
               bottle.VIOLETThirsty, maybe.

               Violet smiles, her eyes again talking for her.CORKYCurious, maybe.VIOLETCurious?  That's funny, I'm feeling 
                         a bit curious myself right now.

               Violet notices the tattoo on Corky's arm.VIOLETThat's a great tattoo.

               She reaches over and touches it.VIOLETBeautiful labrys.

               Corky is a bit suprised that she knows what it is.  She nods, 
               rubbing it as if trying to hide it.VIOLETAre you surprised that I know what 
                         it is?CORKYMaybe.VIOLETI have a tattoo, would you like to 
                         see it?

               She moves closer, sliding over the leather cushions as she 
               opens the front of her dress.VIOLETA woman in upstate New York did it 
                         for me.

               She is not wearing a bra.VIOLETHere.  Do you like it?

               Set against the soft white skin of her breast is a bright 
               green-stemmed violet.VIOLETIt took her all day to do it.  She 
                         promised me it wouldn't hurt, but it 
                         was sore for a long time after.  I 
                         couldn't even touch it.

               Corky looks up from Violet's breast to her dark eyes.VIOLETBut now I love the way it feels.

               She runs her fingers softly over the slightly scarred skin.VIOLETHere, touch it.

               Corky feels the blood pounding in her ears as Violet takes 
               her hand and places it on her breast.CORKYWhat are you doing?

               Violet looks at her.VIOLETIsn't it obvious?  I'm trying to 
                         seduce you.CORKYWhy?VIOLETBecause I want to.  I've wanted to 
                         since I first saw you in the elevator.

               Corky watches her, trying to figure her out even as her thumb 
               presses into Violet's nipple.

               Inhaling sharply, Violet closes her eyes; she can feel Corky 
               staring at her.VIOLETYou don't believe me.  But I can 
                         prove it to you.

               She takes Corky's wrist and begins pulling her hand down her 
               body.VIOLETYou can't believe me because of what 
                         you see ...

               She forces Corky's hand between her legs, up under her dress.VIOLETBut you can believe what you feel.

               Violet opens her eyes, a wanton smile on her lips.VIOLETYou see ...  I've been thinking about 
                         you all day.

               Corky's forearm flexes and Violet moans.

               With both hands, Violet takes hold of Corky's forearm.CORKYYou planned this whole thing?

               Violet's head swims; she is unable to breathe.CORKYYou dropped that earring down the 
                         drain on purpose, didn't you?VIOLETIf I say yes, will you take your 
                         hand away?CORKYNo.VIOLET...  yes.

               Now it is Corky who smiles.

               Violet shivers, her thighs rubbing, her hips thrusting against 
               Corky's hand.VIOLETPlease, Corky ...  please ...

               Her eyes barely open.VIOLET...  kiss me.

               In a single motion, Corky takes hold of the back of her neck 
               and covers Violet's open mouth with her own.

               With her hand still stuffed between Violet's legs, Corky 
               lays her back onto the couch as the kiss becomes more --

               More desperate, more hungry until --

               We hear the front door unlock and open.CAESARViolet?

               Violet's eyes pop open and she pushes Corky back.CAESARViolet, you home?

               They scramble to compose themselves.VIOLETYeah.  In here, C.

               He comes around the corner and in the dim light sees the two 
               figures sitting close on the couch.CAESARWhat's this?

               He mistakes Corky for a man.CAESARWhat the fuck is this?

               Violet stands as Caesar barrels toward the couch.VIOLETI didn't expect --CAESARWhat the fuck is going on?

               Corky stands and turns, Caesar suddenly realizing that she 
               is a woman.CAESAROh, shit ...VIOLETCaesar, this is Corky.  Corky, Caesar.CAESARI'm sorry, Christ, I thought ...  
                         it's fucking dark in here.

               He reaches to the wall for the lights.VIOLETShe is working for Bianchinni.

               Caesar extends his hand.CAESAROh, right, right.  Don mentioned 
                         that to me.  Hi, welcome to the 
                         family.

               Corky shakes his hand.CAESARYou're helping Rajeev?CORKYNo.  Rajeev's in India.VIOLETShe's doing the work herself.CAESARNo shit.  Bianchinni hired you?  You 
                         know he's a good friend of mine.  
                         |Family, really.CORKYThat's what Violet said.

               He looks at her as if he knows something.CAESARSo, you just got out?VIOLETJesus, Caesar!CAESARWhat?  It ain't no big fuckin' deal.  
                         I know who Don hires.  Did you know 
                         he did time himself?

               Corky shakes her head.CAESARThirteen fucking years.  See, there 
                         ain't no secrets here.

               Corky doesn't like this man.CAESARHow many'd you do?CORKYFive.

               He whistles.CAESARNot bad.  What for?VIOLETThat's none of your goddamn business, 
                         Caesar.CAESARYou're right.  You don't have to 
                         tell me, if you don't want to.  I 
                         just hope you understand you're among 
                         good people here.

               He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a thick fold of 
               money and peels several hundreds.  Corky stares at it.CAESARCome on, come on.  if you understand 
                         what I'm talking about you're going 
                         to take the money.  if you don't, 
                         I'm going to have to worry about 
                         you.

               Corky takes it.  Caesar smiles.CAESARGood.  I hate to worry.  I got ulcers.CORKYI should be going.CAESARWhat?  How about a drink?CORKYMy brushes, I have to clean my 
                         brushes.  Thanks, though.CAESARAnother time.CORKYSure.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTClose on the paintbrush, Corky's fingers pushing through and 
               separating the black bristles under the running water.

               When the brush is clean, she flicks it dry and resets the 
               edge.

               She goes to the sink to wash her hands when she stops, 
               noticing her left hand.

               It is the hand that was between Violet's legs.

               She is about to smell her finger when she sees herself in 
               the mirror.CORKYWhat are you doing?

               She drops her hand.CORKYWhat am I doing?  I'm fucking up, 
                         that's what I'm doing.

               She scrubs her hands clean.EXT. PARKING LOT - NIGHTIt is late, the area burnished with amber street light.  
               Corky walks from the building to her truck.

               She climbs inside and slides the key into the ignition, when 
               suddenly the passenger door opens and --

               Violet gets in.  Stunned, Corky stares at her.VIOLETI had to see you.CORKYLook, I don't think this is a good 
                         idea.VIOLETI wanted to apologize.CORKYDon't apologize, please.  I can't 
                         stand women who apologize for wanting 
                         sex.

               Violet smiles.VIOLETI'm not apologizing for what I did --

               She slides across the seat.VIOLETI'm apologizing for what I didn't 
                         do.

               She kisses Corky, and if Corky is trying to resist, we can't 
               tell.

               The windshield is beginning to steam when Violet, panting, 
               breaks the kiss.VIOLETDo you have a bed somewhere?

               Unable to speak, Corky reaches over and starts the engine.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - NIGHTThe sex.

               There is nothing flower-scented or out-of-focus about it.

               It is sweaty, slippery, body-grinding, bed-squeaking lesbian 
               sex --

               Pungent and potent --

               And when it is over, neither woman can move.

               Finally, Corky's eyes flutter open.CORKYI can see again.

               Violet smiles.

               Slowly, Corky gets up and goes to the fridge.  She grabs a 
               beer and presses it to her sweating forebead.

               After a moment, she lowers it, gently pressing the cold can 
               elsewhere.  Eyes closed, she lets out a long "Ahh."

               Violet hears the sizzle-pop of the beer as Corky returns to 
               the bed.

               She holds the beer to Violet's lips and tilts the can, 
               watching Violet's throat as she drinks.

               Violet's eyes open.VIOLET...  I needed that.CORKYTell me about it.

               Corky hands her the beer as Violet sits up a bit.CORKYCaesar's Mafia, isn't he?VIOLETYou have to ask?CORKYNo.VIOLETFunny, nobody calls it that anymore.  
                         Caesar calls it "The |Business."CORKYHow did you meet him?VIOLETThey took over a club I was working 
                         at.  Caesar started managing it.CORKYHe's a launderer?VIOLETBasically.CORKYHow long have you been with him?VIOLETAlmost five years.CORKYFive years is a long time.VIOLETYes, it is.

               Corky stares at her beer.  She knows what Violet is thinking.CORKYThe redistribution of wealth.VIOLETWhat?CORKYIsn't that what you wanted to know?  
                         What I did time for?VIOLETThe redistribution of wealth?CORKYThat's what I tell someone when I'm 
                         trying to get them in my bed.VIOLETI'm already in your bed.CORKYMy cellmate would say she did her 
                         time for getting caught.  She was 
                         always more honest than me.

               Corky sips her beer.CORKYI started stealing when I was little.  
                         We were piss-poor, which is not an 
                         excuse, just a fact.

               It isn't like her to talk about this, especially with someone 
               she just met.CORKYThe first time I remember so vividly.  
                         A bunch of us kids were at Waxman's 
                         Drugstore, when Mr. Waxman, who was 
                         a mean old prick, always worrying 
                         about us robbing him, dropped a roll 
                         of quarters.

               We can almost hear the coins tinkling on the tile floor.CORKYI can still hear that sound, those 
                         quarters, because right then something 
                         clicked inside of me.  Some instinct 
                         took over and as everyone, including 
                         Waxman, dove down, I reached up and 
                         emptied the cash register.

               Violet smiles.  She likes this woman.CORKYI gave most of the money to my mom.  
                         I told her I found it at the 
                         trainyard.  She was so happy she 
                         cried, calling me her lucky charm.  
                         Fifteen years later, I guess my luck 
                         ran out.

               Sbe swallows that with beer.CORKYSometimes I tell myself that I didn't 
                         have a choice, that stealing was 
                         surviving.  Usually I can admit that's 
                         bullshit.  I did it because it was a 
                         way out.  It was easy and I was good 
                         at it, real good.

               She glances at Violet.CORKYI don't usually talk this much.  I 
                         guess I have been rehabilitated.

               Violet laughs.VIOLETYou didn't have to tell me if you 
                         didn't want to.CORKYI guess I wanted to.VIOLETI'm glad you did.CORKYSo am I.EXT. PARKING LOT DAYCorky gets out of her truck carrying her tools.  Grinning 
               like someone who has been well-laid, she whistles off to 
               work.EXT. LOBBY - DAYBetween the main doors she sees a man.  His name is SHELLY 
               and he is an overdressed accountant.

               He is very nervous, talking to someone through the intercom.SHELLYI know he's gone.  Please.  I have 
                         to talk to you.

               Fiddling with her keys, Corky recognizes the voice that 
               answers him.VIOLET (V.O.)What do you want, Shelly?

               Shelly glances over his shoulder at Corky, answering in a 
               hushed voice.SHELLYI have to leave.  Tonight.

               For a moment the intercom is silent.  Then the door buzzes 
               and Shelly pushes inside.  Corky follows him to the elevator.INT.  ELEVATOR - DAYCorky glares at Shelly and begins pumping the trigger of her 
               circular saw.

               Shelly hides behind his sunglasses, watching the elevator 
               numbers go up.  The doors open and he scurries out.INT.  HALL - DAYShe watches him enter Caesar's apartment, her smile now 
               completely gone.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - DAYIt is later.  Through the wall we listen to the same sound 
               as before of two people making love.  We drop down and find 
               Corky's brush, still wet with paint, abandoned in her tray.INT.  BEDROOM - DAYHer face glistening with sweat, Violet climaxes, letting the 
               orgasm spread through her like melting butter.VIOLETI had this image of you, inside of 
                         me ...

               She flattens her palms against the soft cradle of her pelvis.VIOLETLike a part of me ...

               As she opens her eyes, we see that her lover is Corky.  Violet 
               watches as she gets off the bed and begins to get dressed.VIOLETYou are so beautiful.

               Corky does not answer as she yanks her pants on.  Violet 
               sits up.  She can feel that something is wrong.VIOLETWhat's wrong?CORKYNothing.

               Violet pulls the sheet around her.VIOLETYes there is.  I felt it this morning 
                         when I brought you the coffee.CORKYShit, here we go.VIOLETYou didn't want to see me, did you?CORKYIf there is one thing I can't stand 
                         about sleeping with women, it's all 
                         the fucking mind reading.VIOLETWhat are you afraid of?CORKYI'm not afraid of anything.VIOLETI don't understand - ?CORKYI know!  You can't understand, because 
                         we're different, Violet.  We're 
                         different.VIOLETWe're not that different, Corky.CORKYHow can you sit in that bed and say 
                         that?VIOLETBecause it's the truth.CORKYLet me guess.  This is where you 
                         tell me that what matters is on the 
                         inside.  That inside you, there is a 
                         little dyke just like me?VIOLETOh no, she's nothing like you.  She's 
                         a lot smarter than you.CORKYIs that what her daddy tells her?VIOLETI know what I am.  I don't need to 
                         have it tattooed on my shoulder.CORKYWhat are you saying?  That you don't 
                         have sex with men?VIOLETI don't.CORKYFor Christ's sake, Violet!  I heard 
                         you!  Thin walls, remember?VIOLETWhat you heard wasn't sex.CORKYWhat the fuck was it?VIOLETAll my life, everyone has been telling 
                         me that when I have sex, I'm not 
                         really having sex.  Not real sex.  
                         But they're wrong.  I know what is 
                         and isn't sex and what you heard was 
                         definitely not sex.CORKYWhat was it then?VIOLETWork.

               That knocks Corky back.VIOLETYou made certain choices in your 
                         life that you paid for.  You said 
                         you made them because you were good 
                         at something and it was easy.  Do 
                         you think you're the only one that's 
                         good at something?

               Violet stare pins Corky to the wall.VIOLETWe make our own choices and we pay 
                         our own prices.  I think we're more 
                         alike than you want to admit.CORKYWhat about that guy this morning?VIOLETYou mean Shelly?CORKYDon't tell me, you're a workaholic.VIOLETNo.  Shelly knows what I am.  He saw 
                         me in a bar with another woman.CORKYI suppose he just wants to watch.

               That's all Violet can take.VIOLETFuck it!  I think you better leave.CORKYI think so, too.

               Violet turns away.VIOLETTry not to steal anything on the way 
                         out.

               That stings but Corky walks out without looking back.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTIt is dark now.  Corky is standing above the paint tray that 
               has skinned over.  She picks up the brush.  It is dry with 
               paint.CORKYShit.

               She throws the brush across the room.EXT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAYA green-and-white street sign juts in the foreground of 
               Caesar's upscale apartment building.

               The sign reads: "FRANKLIN STREET."EXT.  PARKING LOT - DAYThe rusty Chevy glides to a stop in a parking space near the 
               service entrance.  In its payload is a boxed bathroom vanity 
               and sink.

               Corky climbs out of the cab and into the back, unhooking the 
               bungee cords that hold down the boxes.

               She looks up as a black Lincoln Town Car screeches into a 
               spot not far from her truck.  THREE SERIOUS-LOOKING MEN get 
               out, leading a fourth, Shelly.

               He is the only one who seems to notice Corky.

               They enter the building, the door closing behind them.INT.  BATHROOM - DAYCorky's legs jut out from the old wicker vanity as she 
               finishes detaching its anchors and pipe work.

               She stands, giving it a yank and pulling it away from the 
               wall, when voices begin to filter in from the next-door 
               apartment.

               She listens - a rising string of warbling sobs drowned out 
               by an angry voice.ANGRY VOICEShut the fuck up!  You piece of shit!

               We hear a scream.ANGRY VOICEYou're going to tell us!  You're 
                         going to fuckin' tell us!  just a 
                         matter of fuckin' time!

               Each sentence is punctuated with grunts and thuds.ANGRY VOICEWhere is it?  Where the fuck is it?!

               We begin to close in on Corky as she listens to each thud, 
               watching something that disturbs her.ANGRY VOICEYou shit!  You piece of shit!

               With each thud the water in the toilet shimmers like a struck 
               cymbal.  As we move closer, the sound swells until --MATCH CUT TO:INT.  CAESAR'S BATHROOM DAYWhere blood splatters the toilet, heavy drops hitting the 
               water and spreading like inverted mushroom clouds.ANGRY VOICEDid that hurt?  News flash, fucko: 
                         I'm just getting started.

               The angry voice belongs to JOHNNIE MARZZONE.  Shelly is 
               kneeling in front of the toilet, hands tied behind his back 
               with electrical wire.

               Johnnie Marzzone is a flashy young man in Armani slacks, 
               silk shirt and silver-tipped cowboy boots.  His tie is tucked 
               in, as if torture were a fine-dining experience.

               Caesar and two other men are crammed in the small bathroom.JOHNNIEYou got nerve trying to fuck us!  
                         Nobody fucks me!  Nobody fucks my 
                         father!  Nobody!  Nobody!

               Shelly screams as Jobnnie repeatedly rams his face into the 
               toilet.CAESARWhoa, whoa.  Come on, he's making 
                         too much noise.JOHNNIEYou hear that, bitch?  Be quiet!CAESARHere, put this in his mouth.

               Caesar hands a towel to Johnnie, who stuffs it into Shelly's 
               mouth.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - DAYLike Corky, Violet can hear the beating.  She is trying to 
               block it out but cannot.

               Standing at the bar, she runs the blender, grinding ice cubes, 
               trying to drown out the sounds of the bathroom.

               The bathroom door opens.JOHNNIEPrick!  I can go all night!  All 
                         night!

               Caesar steps out, shutting the door, masking the sounds behind 
               him.  Violet moves toward him.VIOLETCaesar, I'm leaving.CAESARWhat?  Oh, come on, I didn't use one 
                         of the good towels.

               The door opens again as someone else steps out.VIOLETCaesar, I'm serious.  This is too 
                         much.  I have to get out of here.CAESARWhy?  'Cause you know him?

               She nods.CAESARYou women are so fucking sensitive.

               He takes hold of her.CAESARBut I don't want you to go.  I like 
                         you here.  You know this isn't easy 
                         for me, either.

               He embraces her.  Over his shoulder she sees MICKEY MALNANO 
               in the hallway, staring at her.

               He is an older man, hair graying, built like a fireplug.  
               Sinewy mass strains at his Brooks Brothers suit.CAESARNow why don't you go watch some TV 
                         or something?MICKEYAre you okay, Violet?CAESARMickey, why is Johnnie here?  You 
                         know how I feel about that fucking 
                         psycho.

               Mickey continues to stare at Violet, who looks up at him 
               with her big doe eyes.MICKEYCaesar, didn't I tell you to get 
                         something?CAESARSure, Mickey.  Sure.

               He goes to the kitchen.

               Mickey moves closer to Violet, lifting her chin the way a 
               father would do to his little girl.MICKEYYou shouldn't have to see this.  Why 
                         don't you get out of here?  Go for a 
                         walk.VIOLETCaesar wants me to stay.MICKEYDon't worry about Caesar.  I'll handle 
                         Caesar.  You just get out of here, 
                         okay?

               She smiles.VIOLETThanks, Mickey.

               Caesar returns from the kitchen.  He is holding a pair of 
               tin snips.  Mickey takes them.MICKEYThanks, C.  Now let's end this thing.

               Violet watches them return to the bathroom.INT.  BATHROOM - DAYMickey takes off his coat and hands it to a large man named 
               LOU.  He slaps Johnnie on the back.MICKEYHey, Johnnie, ease up, okay.

               Johnnie hits Shelly once more.JOHNNIEPrick.

               Johnnie checks his hair in the mirror, carefully.  Then he 
               begins putting on the rings he had removed for the beating.

               Mickey kneels down next to Shelly's ear and motions to Lou, 
               who lifts Shelly's bound arms.MICKEYShelly, I'm going to ask you ten 
                         times.  You understand?  Ten times.

               Mickey grabs Shelly's pinky finger, putting it between the 
               metal blades.MICKEYOne.  Where is our money?

               Shelly whimpers, red-faced and sobbing.  There is a sick 
               crunch and Shelly howls into his gag as his pinky finger 
               bounces to the floor amid the expensive leather footwear.CAESARAw ...  Christ.

               We hear Caesar retrieve a tissue and his hand enters the 
               frame, scooping up the pinky.

               He plunks the severed finger into the toilet and it sinks to 
               the bottom.

               Caesar drops the toilet seat down and flushes.INT.  BATHROOM - EMPTY APARTMENT - DAYCorky can't stand it anymore.  She throws her tools down, 
               leaves the bathroom and finds --

               Violet waiting in the main room.  Both women stand apart in 
               silence.

               Violet seems on the verge of saying something but doesn't 
               know how to start.  Her lip begins to quiver; her eyes search 
               the room, returning to Corky each time.

               The violence in the next room can still be heard.CORKYViolet?  Are you all right?

               Almost unnoticeably, Violet shakes her bead.  Corky puts her 
               arm around her.CORKYCome on.  Let's go.INT.  BAR - DAYIt is the kind of bar businessmen drink at in the afternoon.  
               Dark wood and padded leather.

               The bartender, joking with a cluster of men, does not notice 
               Corky as she moves up to the bar.CORKYExcuse me.

               The bartender glances over.CORKYDraft beer and a TNT.

               Corky eyes the men, who stare into their drinks.

               The bartender says nothing as he puts the drinks in front of 
               her.

               Corky heads for her table, ignoring the whispers and snickers.

               Corky and Violet, the only women in the room, sit close 
               together at a far corner table.

               Violet's voice is hushed.VIOLETShelly was skimming from the business.  
                         He came to see me yesterday because 
                         he was afraid Caesar figured it out.  
                         He wanted to run but he wanted me to 
                         come with him.CORKYEven though he knew about you?VIOLETYes.CORKYHe was in love with you, right?VIOLETThat's what he told himself.  But it 
                         wasn't even about me, it was about 
                         Caesar.  He wanted what Caesar had.  
                         That's how they are.  I understand 
                         them.

               She glances around the room; a man at the bar smiles at her.VIOLETFor Shelly, taking the money was a 
                         way to take from Caesar.  He could 
                         have run at any time, but he didn't 
                         because he didn't want out.CORKYSounds like he wanted to get caught.VIOLETMaybe he did.  He would brag to me 
                         all the time.  He was never afraid 
                         of Caesar because he didn't know 
                         him.  Not like I do.

               Two men sit down near them, laughing.VIOLETCaesar lives for these moments.  He 
                         tells me it's just the business, but 
                         I know it's more than that.  He likes 
                         it.  The violence.  I'll catch him 
                         in the bathroom mirror touching his 
                         scars.  He says they remind him who 
                         he his.  They're all like that.  
                         Except maybe Mickey.CORKYMickey?VIOLETHe's the part of the business that 
                         the rest of them pretend to be.  
                         |But Mickey doesn't like it like 
                         they do.  I suppose that's why he's 
                         good at it.

               Violet stares at her glass, at the melting ice.VIOLETI used to be able to block it out.  
                         I would tell myself that I wasn't 
                         really there so nothing really 
                         mattered.  But I can't do it anymore.

               She downs the last of her drink.VIOLETI've been making the same mistake 
                         Shelly made.  But now I know what |I 
                         want.

               She turns to Corky.VIOLETI want out.  I want a new life.  I 
                         see what I've been waiting for, but 
                         I need you, Corky.CORKYFor what?VIOLETYou made a choice once.  Do you think 
                         you would make that same choice again?CORKYWhat choice?VIOLETIf those quarters fell to the floor, 
                         would you still reach up to that 
                         cash register?

               Corky stares at her, knowing where this is going.  She glances 
               around the crowded bar.CORKYNot here.EXT.  ALLEY - NIGHTCorky's truck sits in a gravel parking lot.INT.  CORKY'S TRUCK - DAYThrough the back window of the truck, Violet and Corky are 
               silhouettes against the street light.VIOLETCaesar is going to get the money and 
                         bring --CORKYHow much money?VIOLETShelly said it was over two million 
                         dollars.

               Corky quietly swallows that pill.  It begins to rain.VIOLETCaesar will bring it to the apartment 
                         to count and go through |Shelly's 
                         books to figure out how he did it.CORKYWait a minute.  Wait a minute.  Do 
                         you have any idea what you are saying?  
                         You are asking me to help you fuck 
                         the mob.

               Violet nods.CORKYThese people are serious, Violet.  
                         If you want to know how serious, ask 
                         Shelly.  They're worse than any cop 
                         because they have lots of money and 
                         no rules.  You fuck them, you've got 
                         to do it right.VIOLETThat's why I need your help.  You 
                         said you were good.CORKYI am, but ...

               She knows Violet is challenging her.CORKYAll right, let's say for the moment 
                         that I believe everything you are 
                         saying.VIOLETYou think I'm lying?CORKYI didn't say that, but since you 
                         did, let's say that you are.  It 
                         would have been easy to set Shelly 
                         up.  You could have got him killed 
                         knowing that Caesar would bring the 
                         money to the apartment.

               Violet stares, her face poker-blank.CORKYAll you would need to keep yourself 
                         clean would be someone unconnected, 
                         someone like me.VIOLETIs that what you think?CORKYI'm just making a point.  You have 
                         no idea what you're asking.  How 
                         much trust two people need to do 
                         something like this.

               She moves closer to Violet, the sound of the rain beating 
               against the metal cab.CORKYFor me, stealing is a lot like sex.  
                         Two people that want the same thing 
                         sit in a room and they talk, they 
                         start to plan and it's like flirting, 
                         a kind of foreplay, because the more 
                         they talk about it, the wetter they 
                         get.

               She stops.CORKYThe difference is, I can have sex 
                         with someone I just met, someone I 
                         hardly know, but to steal I need to 
                         know someone like I know myself.VIOLETDo you think you know me like that?CORKYI think ...

               They are close enough to kiss.CORKYWe're going to find out.

               Corky pulls back.CORKYBut first, I want to see this money.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTViolet springs from the couch as the front door crashes open, 
               Caesar charging in.  He is doubled over, clutching something 
               to his stomach.

               He rushes to the kitchen, dumping a bloody bundle into the 
               double sink.  There is blood everywhere, smeared up and down 
               Caesar's front.VIOLETOh my God ...

               Violet takes a step toward him, unsure of what has happened.CAESARDon't worry.  It ain't mine.

               He pulls a bottle of whiskey and a glass from the cupboard.VIOLETCaesar, what happened?CAESARIt was unbelievable!  Un-fucking-
                         believable!

               He pours himeslf a shot, belting it back.CAESARGoddammit, look at this shirt!  It's 
                         ruined!

               He begins unbuttoning the bloody shirt.CAESARIt started when Shelly took us to 
                         the money.  I tell you, Mickey Malnato 
                         knows his shit, he does.  Shelly 
                         takes us right there.

               He throws down another shot.CAESARSo Shelly's down on his knees and 
                         he's pulling out this bag of money 
                         from a safe in the floor and I'm 
                         staring at it like "holy fuck!" I 
                         mean, look at it --

               He tears open the bloody bag, wet money bricks spilling out.CAESARAnd all I can think is how the fuck 
                         did he do this when - Bang!  Johnnie 
                         caps him.  Blood sprays everywhere, 
                         all over the money.  We've no idea 
                         if this is even all of it.

               Caesar is exasperated.CAESARAnd right then I go through the roof 
                         and - Boom!  I belt the dumb fuck as 
                         hard as I can.  I didn't care whose 
                         son he was, I just wanted to hit him 
                         again.  Knock some sense into that 
                         dumb son of a bitch.

               He looks at the pile of bloody money.CAESARJust look at this mess I got to deal 
                         with.VIOLETWhat are you going to do with it?CAESARI told them to run it through the 
                         cycles.  But I guess Gino has plans 
                         for it because he's coming here 
                         tomorrow night to pick this shit up.

               Searching through a sink cabinet, he can't find what he needs.CAESARWhere the hell's the laundry 
                         detergent?VIOLETUmmm ...  in the linen closet.

               Caesar walks down the ball to the bathroom.  Violet's eyes 
               do not move from the pile of money.

               Corky seems to come from nowhere.  She whispers.CORKYCome to my place in the morning.  
                         Early, okay?

               Violet nods.INT.  CLOSET - NIGHTCorky's hands twitch, and then flex against the ropes that 
               bind them.

               A reflex echoes through her body, muscles spasm and limbs 
               jerk against their bonds.

               As if in a dream, she struggles, trying to get free, fighting 
               toward the edge of consciousness until --

               She seems to succumb, slipping back into stillness.

               We move toward her face, her closed eyes as we again hear 
               the voices in her head.VIOLET (V.O.)You're having second thoughts.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYViolet is on the bed, Corky at the window.CORKY...  no.

               She turns to Violet.CORKYYou said he washed the money?VIOLETYeah.CORKYThen what?  Exactly.VIOLETHe hung it up.CORKYWhat?VIOLETTo let it dry.

               She begins to focus on the memory.VIOLETIt was unreal ...

               Moving in on her face.MATCH CUT TO:Benjamin Franklin's face on a hundred-dollar bill.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTFranklin's face rotates as we pull back, seeing rows of bills 
               carefully paper-clipped to lines of string.VIOLET (V.O.)Hundreds, paper-clipped everywhere 
                         like leaves.

               Eyes filled with green, Violet turns inside the laundry lines 
               of money until she sees Caesar.

               Wearing his undershirt, he is across the room standing at 
               the ironing board, ironing every single bill.

               He seems to have one eye on her, one eye on his work.VIOLET (V.O.)Then one by one, he ironed all of 
                         it.

               He sprays starch across several bills and presses the steaming 
               iron to them.CORKY (V.O.)Did he sleep?INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTViolet is in bed, unable to sleep, listening to the machine-
               shuffle of Caesar's bill counter.VIOLET (V.O.)No.  But neither did I.

               We move past her, floating toward the wall.VIOLET (V.O.)All night long I listened to that 
                         sound.INT.  OFFICE - NIGHTWe drift across Caesar's desk, past bricks of bound bills, 
               as Caesar folds the paper tape around another stack.CORKY (V.O.)What sound?

               He hits the counter again and we hear the sound, now very 
               loud as hundreds blur by, fluttering beneath us.VIOLET (V.O.)The sound of money.

               The sound rolls into thunder --INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYThat seems to shake the apartment.CORKYAnd where is it now?VIOLETIn his office.  I saw it this morning.INT.  OFFICE - DAYViolet cautiously enters the office with a cup of coffee.

               Working furiously at the computer, Caesar jumps when he sees 
               her, bloodshot eyes animal-wide.

               He checks his watch as she sets the coffee in front of him.VIOLETI need to go to the store.

               He nods automatically, back in his work, as she sees the 
               briefcase filled with perfect rows of hundreds.VIOLET (V.O.)It's in a case, on his desk.CORKY (V.O.)Does the case lock?

               We see the open top with its silver flip-over locks.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYViolet is trying to remember.VIOLETYes.CORKYGood.

               Corky begins to pace, ordering the information in her head.CORKYAll right, now, tell me about Johnnie.VIOLETJohnnie?CORKYIt sounded like he and Caesar don't 
                         like each other.VIOLETLike each other?  They hate each 
                         other.CORKYWhy?VIOLETIt started way before I was around.  
                         I think basically it's because he 
                         thinks Johnnie is a complete idiot.  
                         But Johnnie runs Chicago because 
                         Gino is his father.CORKYWho is Gino?

               Violet suddenly feels that she has made a mistake.VIOLETGino Marzzone.CORKYMarzzone?  As in Angelo Marzzone, 
                         head of the Marzzone family?VIOLETThat's his brother.CORKY...  shit.

               Corky covers her mouth.CORKYGino Marzzone is coming tonight to 
                         pick up the money?VIOLETYeah.CORKYAnd Johnnie is his son, that's Johnnie 
                         Marzzone?VIOLETYeah.CORKYSweet Jesus.

               Eyes wide, she paces, pulling at her lip, mumbling.

               Suddenly she freezes as it clicks into place.  She looks at 
               Violet.CORKYIt's perfect.

               She's pacing again.CORKYGino Marzzone is coming to your 
                         apartment.  It's a big deal, isn't 
                         it?  That means Caesar will be ready.  
                         He doesn't want to look like an idiot.  
                         Gino has been there before?VIOLETYeah, twice.CORKYWhat happened?VIOLETNot much, really.  Caesar was nervous, 
                         kept cleaning the apartment.  |The 
                         first time, he picked out the dress 
                         he wanted me to wear.

               Something occurs to Corky.CORKYDoes Johnnie hit on you?VIOLETJohnnie hits on anything in high 
                         heels.CORKYHas Caesar ever seen him?VIOLETHe does it right in front of him.CORKYIt's getting better and better.  
                         Keep going.VIOLETGino doesn't know English, or at 
                         least he pretends he doesn't, so he 
                         doesn't talk much.  He gets right to 
                         the point.  Both times they talked 
                         for about five minutes, had one drink 
                         and then they left.CORKYWhat did Gino drink?VIOLETScotch, Glenlivet.  I remember that 
                         Caesar made a huge deal about it.

               Corky smiles, the wheels rolling.CORKYAll right ...

               She turns from the window and gets onto the bed.CORKYI have an idea to make this work.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - DAYViolet is getting dressed, lining her lips with lip-pencil.CORKY (V.O.)You'll go back and get ready, take 
                         your time, make it real.

               As she works on her face, we see the room behind her and the 
               discarded dresses scattered about.CORKY (V.O.)The more attractive you are, the 
                         more believable it will be.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYCorky breaks her thought-train.CORKYWhat time did you say they would be 
                         there?VIOLETThe plane is in at seven, so I'd say 
                         about eight.CORKYAny bodyguards?VIOLETGino travels with a big man named 
                         Roy.  Caesar calls him the driver.CORKYFine.INT.  OFFICE - DAYCaesar again checks his watch.CORKY (V.O.)At some point Caesar is going to 
                         quit.  I'd guess sometime around 
                         six, making sure he's got time to 
                         get ready.

               The watch reads 6:10.  Caesar rubs his eyes, his temples.INT.  LIVING ROOM - DAYViolet is at the bar in a sexy dress and high heels.CAESARUn-fucking-believable, what this guy 
                         did.  Shelly is one smart-ass 
                         mothefucker, I mean, he was one smart-
                         ass motherfucker.

               He laughs as Violet smiles, handing him an enormous drink.CORKY (V.O.)As soon as he is done, you'll be 
                         right there to put a big drink in 
                         his hand.

               He takes the drink.CORKY (V.O.)We want him to come down, to relax, 
                         feel in control again.VIOLETPoor boy, has to work so hard.

               She gives him a woman's sympathy pout; he knows what it, 
               loves it anyway.

               Smiling, he slides his hand down over her ass.CAESARYou look good enough to eat.

               She smiles and waits for the kiss she knows is coming.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYBoth women are starting to feel it, to believe it.VIOLETWhere will you be?CORKYWaiting in the apartment next door.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENTCorky sits on the floor of the dark apartment.  She has taken 
               off her boots, which are beside her.VIOLET (V.O.)Waiting for what?

               Through the wall we can hear the shower.CORKY (V.O.)For the shower.  That will be our 
                         signal.

               Corky opens a thin box filled with needle-thin lock picks.

               She selects several and slips them into her multi-pierced 
               ears like earrings.CORKY (V.O.)When he's done with his shower, you 
                         will go to the bar.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTIn slow motion, Caesar drops the shower plunger and water 
               chokes from the faucet.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTBehind the bar, Violet pulls out the bottle of Glenlivet.CORKY (V.O.)You'll get out the Scotch that Gino 
                         drinks.

               Violet steps out from the bar, her eyes on the bedroom, when 
               the bottle slips from her hands.

               We watch it slowly fall --CORKY (V.O.)And as you do, the bottle will slip 
                         from your hands.  -- and shatter 
                         against the hardwood floor.CORKY (V.O.)An accident.VIOLETShit!  Oh shit!

               Caesar yells from the bathroom.CAESAR (V.O.)What happened?!INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTHearing Caesar, Corky gets up, moving quietly toward the 
               door.CAESAR (V.O.)V!  What the fuck was it?!  Violet?INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHTCaesar enters, a towel wrapped around him, hair still 
               dripping.CAESARV, what?  You can't hear me?

               Violet looks terribly upset as she begins to clean up.VIOLETCaesar, it slipped ...  I was trying 
                         to get ready ...

               Caesar realizing what happened.CAESAROh, fucking Christ ...  You gotta be 
                         kidding me!

               He rushes at her.CAESARFuck!  Fuck!  How did you ...  Awwww 
                         goddammit!VIOLETI'm sorry.  It was an accident.

               She stands up.VIOLETDon't worry, I'll get some more.CAESARThere's no time.VIOLETDon't be silly, Caesar.  It'll take 
                         five minutes.

               She turns him back toward the bedroom.VIOLETI'll clean this up and be back before 
                         you're even dressed.INT.  HALL - NIGHTViolet opens her door, stepping into the hall where Corky is 
               waiting.CORKY (V.O.)When you open the door, I'll be there.

               They pass each other in silence, Violet stepping out as Corky 
               slips in.VIOLET (V.O.)What if he sees you?CORKY (V.O.)He won't.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTCaesar is working intensely on his fingernails.  We glide 
               over a set of gleaming metal manicure tools.  We see his 
               hand as he delicately applies a coat of clear polish to a 
               nail.

               Through the open door, we see Corky moving almost casually 
               across the living room.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYCorky is looking for something.VIOLETYou can't know for certain that he 
                         won't see you.CORKYTrust me, Violet.

               She finds a black duffel bag from one of her tool buckets.VIOLETI'm just asking, what if?CORKYIf he does ...

               Corky slips her hand in between the mattress and box spring, 
               pulling out a gun.CORKYThen I won't have a choice, will I?

               She tosses the gun on the bed.INT.  OFFICE - NIGHTThe black case is lying on the desk, locked shut.  Corky 
               moves around the desk, dropping down behind it.CORKY (V.O.)When I'm inside, I will get the money.

               From her earlobe, she chooses the right pick, sliding out 
               the silver tool.

               It takes only a second and the first lock pops open.

               She is working on the other lock when the door is pushed 
               open and Caesar walks in.

               Corky drops down, grasping for her gun --

               As Caesar, wearing only underwear, enters.  He blows on the 
               drying polish on his fingernails before delicately selecting 
               a suit from his closet.

               The gun ready, Corky, pressed against the desk, waits until 
               he leaves.

               She lets her breath out, then pops the second lock, unzips 
               the black duffel bag and quickly empties the case, filling 
               the bag with fat money bricks.CORKY (V.O.)I'm going to need something ...

               Finished, she zips up the bag and looks about.CORKY (V.O.)...  to fill the case.

               Sbe sees a stack of newspapers hidden near the desk.CORKY (V.O.)Yeah, you should hide it near the 
                         desk before you leave.

               She fills the case, then closes it.CORKY (V.O.)At that point --

               She thumbs the locks shut and they snap, unnaturally loud, 
               into place.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYThey are both on the bed.CORKYThere is no going back.VIOLETWhen I get the Scotch, how do I know 
                         you won't take off?CORKYThe same way I'll know that you went 
                         to Scotch.  Trust.

               Their faces are close, eyes still trying to read each other.VIOLETI still don't see how I'm going to 
                         get clean with the money in the 
                         apartment.  Everyone will think I 
                         did it.CORKYNot Caesar.VIOLETWhy?CORKYBecause of what you are going to 
                         tell him.  You have to make it as 
                         real as you can.  The moment you 
                         open the door with the Scotch in 
                         your hand, you will be covered, and 
                         that moment is the most important 
                         moment in the plan.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTThe door bursts open.  Violet enters quickly, carrying a 
               bottle in a thin brown bag.CORKY (V.O.)If it's real enough, he'll believe 
                         it, because deep down he'll want to.VIOLETC!  Shit, I'm sorry!

               Caesar wanders out, tightening his tie.  She looks at her 
               watch.VIOLETThey were early.CAESARWhat are you talking about?VIOLETThey just left, didn't they?CAESARWhat are you, drunk?

               He smiles, grabbing the bottle from her.VIOLETYou mean they weren't up here?CAESARNo!  They're still on their way.VIOLETThat doesn't make any sense.CAESARWhy?VIOLETBecause I just saw Johnnie downstairs.

               Caesar turns.CAESARWhat?VIOLETI was getting out of the car when I 
                         saw him in the Mercedes.CAESARIt couldn't have been.VIOLETIt was him.  I'm positive.CAESARIt's impossible!VIOLETCaesar, I know Johnnie.  It was him.  
                         I screamed when I saw him.  I couldn't 
                         believe I missed them.  I knew you 
                         were going to be upset so I thought 
                         I'd apologize and give Gino the 
                         Scotch.  I honked a couple of times 
                         but he didn't stop.

               She watches him, her words caving in around him.CAESARBut Gino's plane doesn't get in for 
                         another half-hour.

               Violet thinks.VIOLETActually, I didn't see Gino in the 
                         car.

               His eyes dart.  His forehead beads with sweat.  He turns 
               toward the office.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYViolet is staring at Corky's mouth.CORKYIf Caesar hates Johnnie like you 
                         say, then the second he opens the 
                         case he'll know, in his gut, that 
                         Johnnie just fucked him.  He'll 
                         realize that he has no choice.  He 
                         can't touch Gino or Johnnie.  There's 
                         only one way out.

               She pauses.CORKYHe'll have to run.VIOLETIf he runs, everyone will assume he 
                         took the money.CORKYYou'll be clean and we'll be rich.INT.  OFFICE - NIGHTCaesar stands over the desk, afraid to open the case.INT.  CORKY'S APARTMENT - DAYVIOLETJesus, that's beautiful.CORKYThank you.VIOLETIf you're this goddamn smart, how 
                         did you ever get caught?CORKYEvery job like this has moments where 
                         things don't go so well and everyone 
                         starts thinking about their own ass.  
                         It's in those moments that everything 
                         comes together or falls apart.

               She looks dead at Violet.CORKYI had a partner and she fucked me.VIOLETI won't.CORKYI think we're going to find out.INT.  OFFICE - NIGHTThe key turns and the locks pop.  When Caesar sees the 
               newspaper, the whole world begins to spin.VIOLETCaesar?

               His chest collapses onto itself while his hands ball into 
               fists.CAESARNo no no no ...

               She moves around the side of the desk and sees the newspaper.VIOLETOh God ...

               He slams the case shut, his head hanging down.

               After a moment he looks at her, like a little boy about to 
               cry.CAESAR...  I've been set up.

               He seems ready to scream but can't say anything.VIOLETJohnnie?

               The name is like water hitting hot oil.CAESARThat fuck!  That rat-fuck!  Little 
                         shit rat-fuck!

               He starts punching the desk, each blow harder than the last.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky can hear him pounding.  She looks down and smiles.  
               Between her legs is the open bag stuffed with money.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCaesar is choking on his own rage.VIOLETWhy?  Why would Johnnie do this?CAESARJesus Christ, Violet!  Open your 
                         fucking eyes!  Johnnie hates me like 
                         I hate him!

               He starts to pound his fists against his own head.CAESARI hate that little fuck!  I hate 
                         him!  I hate him!  I should've done 
                         him!VIOLETBut you know he did it.CAESARSo what?!  So fucking what?  Use 
                         your head, Violet.  The money is 
                         gone.  Gino is coming here to get 
                         it.  You think he's going to believe 
                         me if I tell him his piss-hole son 
                         stole it!  Is that what you think?  
                         I don't.  You know what I think?  I 
                         think I'm a dead man.  I'm one in 
                         the brain.  That's what I think!VIOLETCaesar, what are we going to do?

               He grabs hold of his chair, using it to support himselfCAESARI know what he wants me to do.  He 
                         wants me out of here.  He wants me 
                         to run.

               She watches him, his body rocking against the chair.CAESARIf I run, then everyone will think I 
                         took the money and he walks away 
                         with two million clean.

               The words squeeze out like tears.CAESARGod, I can see him right now driving 
                         to get Gino.  I can hear him laughing, 
                         fucking laughing, laughing at me.

               He swings the swivel chair over his head and smashes it down 
               on the desk.  Again and again.CAESARLaughing at me!  Laughing at me!

               The chair falls and he stands alone, covering his face to 
               hide his tears.VIOLETC ...She goes to hold him.CAESARDon't touch me!

               He backs into the corner of the room.CAESARJust leave me alone!  I got to think!

               Violet watches him trying to wipe the tears and sweat from 
               his face.CAESARGot to think this through ...VIOLETCaesar, maybe we should run --CAESARViolet, please!VIOLETI mean it, Caesar, forget Johnnie, 
                         forget the money, let's just go now, 
                         before it's too late --CAESARGoddammit, Violet!  Would you just 
                         leave me the fuck alone!  Please!  
                         Leave!  Now!VIOLETAll right, Caesar.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTViolet enters, closing the door quietly behind her.  She 
               looks at the wall, then goes to the bed and picks up the 
               phone.

               As she dials, we move along the phone cord, following it 
               down to the jack in the wall.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTWe move out from another jack, following a different cord.

               Corky is sitting with her back to the wall.  The black phone 
               beside her barely rings once before she answers.

               She waits, saying nothing.VIOLET (V.O.)It's me.CORKYWhat happened?INT.  BEDROOM NIGHTViolet whispers, her hand cupped over the mouthpiece.VIOLETHe totally freaked.  I've never seen 
                         him like this.  He's out of his 
                         fucking mind.CORKY (V.O.)That's okay, as long as he believes 
                         it was Johnnie.VIOLETBelieves it!  Jesus, it's driving 
                         him crazy.  He wants to kill him.  I 
                         don't know, Corky, I don't know what 
                         he is going to do.  I'm getting 
                         nervous, really nervous.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCORKYIt's all right, Violet.  It's working.  
                         All we got to do is wait him out and 
                         see what he does.VIOLET (V.O.)What if he doesn't run?CORKYThat means he probably will kill 
                         Johnnie.VIOLET (V.O.)Oh, Christ, I got to get out of here!CORKYListen, if he doesn't run, all you 
                         have to do is break down, go to your 
                         bedroom and pack some things, start 
                         crying, saying you love him but you 
                         can't do it.  You're sorry but you 
                         have to leave and just walk out.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTVIOLETokay, all right.CORKY (V.O.)We're almost there, Violet.  just 
                         hang on.

               Violet hears him.VIOLETHe's coming ...

               She hangs up quickly just as Caesar bursts in.CAESARI got it!  I know what I got to do!  
                         I got to get the money.VIOLETThe money?  The money's gone.CAESARNo.  Johnnie's got it.  All I got to 
                         do is get it back.VIOLETBut it could be anywhere.CAESARHe didn't have that much time.  He 
                         had to pick up Gino.  I bet you he's 
                         got it with him.  I bet it's in the 
                         car.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky presses against the wall, trying to hear.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCaesar is pacing.CAESARHe didn't see you, did he?VIOLETNo.CAESARSee, right now he doesn't know that 
                         I know, that's why he put the paper 
                         in the case.  He wants me to hand 
                         the case to Gino.  Then there is no 
                         doubt it was me.  Gino will put a 
                         bullet in me himself.  But it ain't 
                         going to happen.  I won't let it!  
                         Johnnie ain't going to fuck me!  Not 
                         like this!  No way!VIOLETThis is insane!

               She throws open her closet.CAESARWhat are you doing?

               She grabs a suitcase from under the bed.VIOLETI'm leaving!  This is crazy!  I don't 
                         want to be involved.  I don't want 
                         anything to do with this shit!

               She starts yanking the dresses from the closet.CAESARYou can't leave.VIOLETThe hell I can't!CAESARI need you ...VIOLETBullshit!  You don't need me!  You've 
                         never needed me!  I can't help you!  
                         Understand?!  I have to get out.CAESARViolet, I won't let you leave.

               She turns and sees that he is holding a gun.CAESARIf you're not with me, Violet, then 
                         I have to assume you're against me.VIOLETCaesar, this is crazy.CAESARMaybe it is, maybe it isn't.  Maybe 
                         you dropped the Scotch by accident.  
                         Maybe you didn't.

               Now it is her turn to feel the world spin.CAESARIt would have been so easy to let 
                         him in as you went out.VIOLETYou don't, you can't believe that...CAESARI've seen the way he looks at you.  
                         He's always wanted you.  Maybe two 
                         million dollars finally bought you.

               She slaps him hard.  He stares at her.CAESARI'm sorry, Violet, but it has to be 
                         this way.

               He moves past her, picks up the dresses and returns them to 
               the closet.CAESARI hope you understand.  I want to 
                         trust you, I want to believe you, 
                         but I don't have any other choice.

               He shuts the closet.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTCaesar is at the bar, drinking the Scotch.  The gun in front 
               of him.  Across the room, Violet sits, staring holes through 
               him.

               They wait in silence.CAESARYou sure you don't want a drink?

               Violet says nothing.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTIn the dark, Corky sits, her face, her posture very similar 
               to Violet's.

               She is concentrating, her mind somewhere else, when the door 
               buzzer sounds.

               She turns her head and hears Caesar faintly answering the 
               intercom.

               Corky stands just as --INT. CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTViolet stands.

               Caesar faces her for a moment, then shoves the gun into his 
               belt behind his back.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky watches through the door peep as three men pass by.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTThere is a knock and Caesar opens the door.

               GINO MARZZONE is an old Italian whose face is a mask of 
               irritated indifference.

               ROY, his enormous driver, is behind him.

               Caesar smiles, greeting them in Italian with open arms.

               Johnnie is the last inside.  He has tape over his broken 
               nose.  He smiles and hugs Caesar.JOHNNIEYou shouldn't have hit me.CAESARYou want to get into this now?JOHNNIENo, no, Caesar.  Not now.

               He smiles again, patting him on the shoulder, then throwing 
               a fake punch.

               Caesar sees Gino with his bright Italian smile, flattering 
               Violet, kissing her.GINOHey, Caesar!  You take care of this 
                         girl, or I find out!JOHNNIEYou are as radiant as ever, Violet.

               As he bends to kiss her hand, she sees Caesar watching them.CAESARGlenlivet, right, Gino?JOHNNIEI'll have whatever Violet's drinking.VIOLETI'm not drinking.JOHNNIEThen neither will I.

               This makes Violet very uncomfortable.VIOLETNo, I'll have a Tanqueray and tonic.JOHNNIECaesar, make that two TNTs.

               Caesar's hand shakes as he pours Gino's Scotch.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTPacing in her socks, Corky tries to think through several 
               possible situations.  She stops, staring at the bag of money.

               The idea of its sitting out in the open suddenly bothers 
               her.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCaesar hands Violet and Johnnie a drink.  He stares at her.  
               She stares back.JOHNNIESalud, eh.  Roy, Violet, Pop, Caesar.

               Caesar watches Johnnie, suspecting everything he does.

               Johnnie reaches into his pocket and takes out a cellular 
               phone.GINONo, Johnnie.  No goddamned phones.  
                         Not now.JOHNNIEPop?GINOCaesar, come here.  Sit.  We talk 
                         now.  You too, Johnnie.

               Each man sits on either side of Gino.GINOCaesar, look at me.  Johnnie tell me 
                         what happened.  Caesar, you gotta do 
                         me a favor, a personal favor.  For 
                         me, eh?  You gotta start respecting 
                         Johnnie the way you respect me.  You 
                         understand?  Good.

               Caesar sees Johnnie smiling at him, but when Gino turns, the 
               smile disappears.GINOAnd you, Johnnie.  You gonna stop 
                         acting stupid.  You gotta earn this 
                         respect that Caesar's gonna give.  
                         You understand?  Good.  Done.  Now, 
                         where's my money?INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky drops a hefty bag, knotted tight, into an open five-
               gallon bucket of paint.

               As she picks up a paint stick, we see a second bag beside 
               another bucket.

               She pushes the first bag down until it disappears, enveloped 
               by the milk-white liquid.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCaesar puts the briefcase onto the coffee table.

               Gino looks up at Caesar, very serious, with his hand on the 
               case.GINOWe know how this was done, eh?CAESARYeah, I know.

               He looks dead at Johnnie.GINOIt won't happen again, eh?

               Caesar shakes his head.GINOGood.

               Gino throws down the last of the Scotch.GINODone.  We go now.JOHNNIEJesus Christ, Pop.  You got two hours 
                         until your plane leaves.

               Gino checks his watch, shouting in Italian.  Johnnie shouts 
               back until Gino throws up his hands, refusing to listen.GINOCaesar!

               He gestures to his empty glass, then folds his arms, leaning 
               back.  Caesar gets the bottle.JOHNNIESo Caesar, what did it total out at?CAESARTwo point one seventy-six.

               Johnnie whistles as Caesar pours Gino another Scotch.JOHNNIEUnbelievable.  Can you believe that, 
                         Violet?GINOHey, Johnnie ...

               In Italian tells him to shut up.JOHNNIECome on, Pop, all I want to know is 
                         one thing.  Just one thing after he 
                         made such a big deal out of it.  I 
                         bet it wasn't a big deal.  Was it, 
                         Caesar?CAESARWhat's that, Johnnie?JOHNNIEThe money I bet it was nothing to 
                         get it clean, after you made such a 
                         fucking big deal ...GINOJohnnie, what did I say?JOHNNIEPop, this is important to me.  It's 
                         a simple question.  if he would just 
                         answer the question, that's the end 
                         of it.CAESARWhere is this going, Johnnie?JOHNNIEJust admit it, Caesar.CAESARAdmit what?JOHNNIEThat you overreacted.  That you lost 
                         it.  Not me.  It was your mistake.

               Caesar sees it so clearly now.CAESARAll right, Johnnie, you want to play 
                         it this way, I can play it this way.  
                         You want to know who made a mistake, 
                         why don't you open the case.VIOLETCaesar ...CAESARShut up, Violet!  This is between me 
                         and Johnnie.

               He pushes the case toward him.CAESARYou want to do this now, let's do 
                         it.  Open the case.  Open the fucking 
                         case.

               Johnnie stares at him, feeling that something is very wrong.CAESARThat's right, I know.  I fucking 
                         know.JOHNNIEKnow what?CAESAROpen the case!JOHNNIEAll right!  Where's the key?CAESARYou don't need a key.

               He tries but it's locked.JOHNNIEHow the fuck can I open it?CAESARThe same way you did before.JOHNNIEWhat are you talking about?

               Caesar smiles and tosses the key onto the table.CAESARThere you go, Johnnie.

               He reaches for the key.  Caesar stands up and gives Violet 
               his drink.CAESARGet me another.

               He can see the fear on her face as she goes to the bar.

               Time drips.

               The key turns.  One lock pops.

               Then the other.

               Tbe case opens like a scream and Johnnie sees the newspaper.JOHNNIEWhat the ...

               Before anybody can move, Caesar whips around with his gun.

               Roy jumps off his stool, his drink crashing to the floor.CAESARDon't!  Don't fucking move!

               Nobody can believe what is happening.GINOCaesar?  What is this?CAESARAsk Johnnie!  Ask your rat-fuck son!JOHNNIEWhat the fuck?

               Caesar levels the gun.CAESARYou don't think I'll do it, do you?JOHNNIEI think you're fucking crazy!CAESARWhere is it?JOHNNIEWhere's what?CAESARThe money!JOHNNIECaesar, I don't know what you're 
                         thinking here, but if you don't put 
                         down that gun --

               He stands up.CAESARSit down!

               He does.GINOCaesar!CAESARGino, your son stole this money to 
                         set me up and I can prove it.  Violet!

               She doesn't know what to say.CAESARTell them!  Tell them!VIOLETFor Christ's sake, Johnnie, do what 
                         he says.JOHNNIEThis isn't happening ...

               Boom!  Caesar blows a hole in the couch right between 
               Johnnie's legs.  Johnnie screams.CAESARThe next one blows off your dick.JOHNNIEYou're a dead man!  A fucking dead 
                         man!CAESARWhere is it?GINOEnough!

               Gino jumps up.CAESARNo, Gino!GINOYou aim a gun at me?!  Do you know 
                         who I am?!  I am Gino Marzzone.  You 
                         understand?

               He starts walking toward Caesar.  Roy moves around for a 
               good angle.CAESARSit down, Gino!GINONo, Caesar, gimme the gun.CAESARStay away!

               He backs up as Gino walks straight to him.GINOWe're family, Caesar.CAESARNo!GINOGimme the gun.CAESARI can't.  I can't.GINOGive it to me.

               He reaches up and takes bold of the barrel.  Caesar looks 
               resigned as he shuts his eyes.GINOGood man.

               Close on Gino's hand holding the gun barrel as --

               Caesar fires.

               From behind the gun we watch Gino's grip yanked free, time 
               melting away as he falls, blood bubbling from his chest, his 
               eyes wide in disbelief.

               His body hits the floor and the room erupts.

               Roy dives, drawing his gun as Caesar continues to fire, 
               pumping the trigger.

               Violet drops behind the bar as Jobnnie screams, falling 
               towards his father.

               Blood spurts from Roy as two bullets hit, his gun clattering 
               and sliding across the floor.

               Johnnie lunges at Caesar as Caesar turns and fires, hitting 
               Johnnie everywhere; blood and meat spray and speckle 
               everything around him.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTThe gun continues to fire as Corky clutches the phone, 
               whispering.CORKYThis is an emergency!INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCrunched down behind the bar, Violet listens to the only 
               sound, repeating in the unnatural quiet:

               Click.  Click.

               Click.

               Rising, she peers over the edge of the bar.

               Caesar is standing in the aftermath.  His gun is still aimed 
               at Johnnie as he pulls the trigger over and over.

               The bodies are still, blood silently pooling around them.

               Blinking the sweat from his eyes, Caesar sees Violet.CAESARI had to do it, Violet.  You saw it.  
                         I had no choice.  It was Johnnie.  
                         That lying fuck.  He made me do it.

               He looks down at Jobnnie, hate rising like bile.CAESARYou lying rat-fuck.  You think you 
                         can set me up?  Is that what you 
                         think?  You stupid fuck.

               Kicking the body, be causes a series of sickening wet noises.CAESARI'm a dead man?  I'm a dead man?  
                         Guess again, fuck-face.  Who's dead?  
                         Who's the dead lying rat-fuck?  Take 
                         another guess, take another fucking 
                         guess!

               He stops, panting, unable to catch his breath.  Violet is 
               afraid to even look at him.

               Blood creeps along the edge of the floorboards.

               Caesar tries to clear his head, mopping the sweat from his 
               face.  He bends down and starts searching Johnnie's pockets.

               He finds his keys.VIOLETWhat are you doing?

               Lost in thought, he goes to Gino.  Throwing open the coat, 
               he sees the airplane ticket.  There is a bullet hole in it.

               He checks the times and then his watch.CAESAR...  maybe three hours.VIOLETCaesar, what are you going to do?CAESARWhat do you think we're going to do?  
                         We have to find the money.VIOLETWhat?CAESAROnce we have the money, then none of 
                         this ever happened.VIOLETCaesar, you just killed Gino Marzzone.CAESARNo I didn't.  Not if his body 
                         disappears and not if the money is 
                         still here.  Then they never showed 
                         up.VIOLETWhat happened to them?CAESARI don't know.  We may never know, 
                         but I'm going to guess it was a job, 
                         maybe the Karpoli family.

               He smiles.CAESARAll part of the business.

               He picks up Roy's gun and stuffs it in his belt.CAESARWe just got to find the money.  Once 
                         we do, everything is going to be all 
                         right.

               In the distance, the wail of a police siren can be heard.EXT.  PARKING LOT - NIGHTThrough the window they see a squad car, lights blaring, 
               roll up in front of the building.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTVIOLETOh, no.

               He turns back to the carnage.CAESARFuck.VIOLETCaesar, what are we going to do?CAESARThey're just cops.  Stall them as 
                         long as you can.

               Caesar flies into action.

               Grunting, he hauls Gino's body up, drags it to the bathroom 
               and throws it into the tub.  He returns for Johnnie's body.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTStanding near the bathroom, Corky hears the metal echo of 
               the tub.  Looking at her tub, she imagines what he is doing.

               Through the wall, she hears the door buzzer.INT. CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTThe buzzer sounds again as Violet sees him lift Roy's body.CAESARAnswer it!

               He heads back to the bathroom, dropping Roy onto the other 
               two.

               The three bloody bodies fill the tub.

               We see Johnnie's arm hanging over the edge as Caesar snaps 
               the shower curtain around, hiding them.VIOLETHello?COP #1 (V.O.)This is the police, ma'am.

               She cuts them off using the intercom.VIOLETThe police?

               Over her shoulder she sees Caesar moving the furniture, 
               clearing the area around the heavy bloodstains.COP #1 (V.O.)We had a report of gunfire, so if 
                         you could --VIOLETGunfire?  Is this a joke?

               Violet sees Caesar hurry to his office.COP #1 (V.O.)No joke, ma'am.  Please open the 
                         door.VIOLETHow do I know you are cops?INT.  OFFICE - NIGHTCaesar seizes the beautiful oriental rug in his office and 
               yanks it up, overturning furniture.  Dragging it out, he 
               slams the door behind him.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTViolet looks at Caesar, who is working with the calm, single-
               minded focus of a machine.COP #1 (V.O.)Ma'am, you have to open the door.VIOLETAll right.

               She buzzes them in as Caesar throws the rug like someone 
               making a bed, letting it fall to the floor and cover most of 
               the blood.INT.  LOBBY - NIGHTThe cops are waiting for the elevator.  After a moment, the 
               door slides open.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTViolet moves away from the intercom as Caesar begins arranging 
               the furniture on the rug.CAESARGet me a wet towel.

               His words push her to the bathroom.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTStuffing a towel into the sink, she turns on the water.  She 
               does not even look at the shower curtain.INT.  HALL - NIGHTThe elevator opens and the cops step out.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCaesar grabs the television remote, hits "on" and jacks the 
               volume until it is obviously loud.

               Violet returns and he snatches the towel from her.INT.  HALLAs the two cops walk down the hall, they hear the television.  
               They look at each other, already knowing what happened.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTLike a maniac, Caesar wipes at any blood still visible until 
               there is a knock on the door.  He grabs Violet by the arm.CAESARIf you're thinking about doing 
                         something stupid, remember I just 
                         killed Gino Marzzone.  You understand 
                         what that means?

               She nods.VIOLETThey're just cops.

               There is another knock, much louder.

               Violet goes to the door as Caesar rips off his blood-soaked 
               jacket and shirt.

               He drops down behind the bar Leaving the chain on, Violet 
               opens the door.  Tbe cops smile.COP #1See?  We're for real.VIOLETI'm sorry, it's just you hear stories.COP #1You did the right thing.

               Crouching, Caesar wipes vigorously at the blood on his hands 
               and face.

               Violet opens the door.

               Caesar crams the bloody wad under the bar sink.

               Just as the cops enter the living room, Caesar stands, looking 
               comfortable in no shirt, with ice cubes in his hands.CAESARHey, hey, Chicago's finest.

               He plunks the ice into a glass and walks from behind the barCAESARHow's it going tonight, fellas?COP #1Pretty good, sir.

               Caesar turns his head.CAESARHuh?  I'm sorry, I can only hear in 
                         this ear.

               Tbe cops look at each other again.

               Wiping his wet hand on his pants, Caesar shakes hands with 
               each of them.CAESARI'm Caesar and this here is my Violet.

               They smile at Violet as Caesar puts his arm around her.CAESARViolet said something about gunshots?

               Violet sees the gun wedged in the back of his belt.COP #2Yes, sir, a neighbor in the building 
                         called in.COP #1I think we know what happened.COP #2It was probably just the television.CAESARThe television?

               He looks at Violet.CAESARHoney, why didn't you say something?  
                         Turn it off.

               Violet walks across the rug and turns off the TV.CAESARFuck, this happened before.  It's 
                         this shitty ear.  Born with it.  The 
                         batteries wore out in my aid.  I'm 
                         sorry.COP #1It's all right, sir.COP #2No big deal.CAESARHey, can I get you guys a beer?COP #1Not on duty, sorry.CAESAROh, right.COP #2But, uh, would you mind if I used 
                         your bathroom?

               Caesar's face tightens.CAESARYeah, why not?  It's right there.COP #2Thanks.

               He heads for the john.

               Violet watches Caesar back up to the bar, moving behind it.CAESARI'm going to make myself a drink, if 
                         that's okay?COP #1Go right ahead, sir.INT.  BATHROOM NIGHTCop #2 enters, walking right past the shower curtain.  We 
               hear his sigh as he starts to piss.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTCop #1 walks onto the rug, looking around, turning to Violet.COP #1This is a beautiful place.VIOLET...  thank you.

               She stares at his shoes on the rug.

               Watching everything, Caesar takes a sip of his drink.  He 
               slips his gun out and holds it at his side.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTThere is a bulge in the shower curtain where we imagine 
               Johnnie's arm is hanging.

               Slowly we slide down to the bottom edge of the plastic 
               curtain, where a drip of blood forms and --

               Plips into a small red spot on the white tile floor.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTClose on the heel of the cop's black shoe, where we can almost 
               see the blood seeping up through the oriental rug.COP #1Is this a condo?

               Violet nods.

               Everyone turns when Cop #2 busts out of the bathroom.COP #2Okay, let's roll.

               Cop #1 walks across the rug to the hardwood floor.  He turns 
               to Caesar.COP #1Try to keep the extra batteries for 
                         your aid around.CAESARGood idea.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky hears the cop say goodbye to Violet.  The door closes.  
               She isn't sure what she should do.

               Over her shoulder, she notes the bucket of paint.  She lets 
               the cops leave.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCaesar puts on a new shirt, the gun stuffed in his pants.CAESARLet's go.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky rises at the sound of Caesar's door closing.

               We track her along the wall to the foyer as she follows the 
               faint sounds of Caesar and Violet's footsteps.INT.  HALL - NIGHTAs they pass by, Violet looks up to the door of the empty 
               apartment, straight at the peephole.

               INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT Corky is pressed against the door, eye 
               at the peephole.

               She sees that Violet is afraid as the two women seem to speak 
               to each other with their eyes.CORKY...  shit.EXT.  PARKING LOT - NIGHTCaesar is on his knees, searching under the seats of Johnnie's 
               Mercedes.  Unable to find the money, he is ready to snap.

               From the main doors, Corky slips out of the building.  Hiding 
               behind a column, she sees Violet and Caesar across the lot.

               Corky moves behind the parked cars, the gun squeezed in her 
               hand.

               Violet edges away, on the verge of running, looking toward 
               the busy street.

               Standing, Caesar pounds on the car.CAESARFuck!  Fuck!  Fuck!VIOLETCaesar, someone could see us out 
                         here.

               Ignoring her, be tries to think.CAESARGet in.

               Still too far from them to do anytbing, Corky sees Caesar 
               slam the trunk.CAESARGet in!  It's got to be at his house.  
                         That's the only other place it could 
                         be.

               Violet looks around the lot, looking for some way out.CAESARViolet!  Now!

               Corky can only watch as Violet gets in and the car rips away.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTAlone, Corky stands over the bucket of paint.  She kicks it 
               with her boot-toe.CORKYTwo million dollars, Cork ...  Two 
                         million dollars ...

               She sighs, wondering how long she can make herself wait.EXT.  JOHNNIE'S BROWNSTONE - NIGHTThe BMW is parked in front.INT.JOHNNIE'S BROWNSTONE - NIGHTClose on Caesar, as he rakes his sweaty hair back, his face 
               knotted in torment.CAESAROkay, I come in ...

               He turns as if he just came in through the front door.

               We see Johnnie's home has been laid to waste.  The furniture 
               is broken, cushions split open, pictures shattered, holes 
               punched in the drywall -- even the carpeting has been torn 
               up.

               Caesar doesn't look much better.CAESARI've got the money ...

               Huddled in a corner, Violet watches him.CAESARI can't wait to see the look on 
                         Caesar's face when he finds out.

               Caesar moves from the front door, trying to get into Johnnie's 
               head.CAESARNow I don't have much time ...

               He takes a couple of steps into the room.CAESARGot to put it someplace safe ...

               He looks at a closet.  It's gutted, searched 10 times already.CAESAR...  put it ...

               A couple more uneasy steps and he looks at a large over-turned 
               rolltop desk.CAESAR...  got it ...

               He starts looking around the room as if he is seeing for the 
               first time that it is destroyed.  He is near the breaking 
               point.VIOLETC?His voice cracks.  There is nowhere else to look.CAESARWhere did I put it?

               He explodes.  A terra cotta lamp sails across the room.CAESARWhere's my fucking money?!  Fucking 
                         cocksuckers!  Where the fuck is it?!

               He smashes his forehead into the wall, denting the drywall.CAESAROw.

               He holds his head, sinking to the ground.VIOLETC?She sits next to him, putting a hand lightly on his shoulder.VIOLETIt's not here, Caesar.CAESARWhere, then?VIOLETI don't know.  it could be anywhere.  
                         We don't even know if he was alone.  
                         Please, Caesar, we don't have much 
                         time.  Let's get out of here.

               He knows what he has to do.  Digging through the debris, he 
               finds the phone.VIOLETWhat are you doing?CAESARWe're going to need some time.VIOLETWho are you going to call?

               Already dialing, he does not answerVIOLETCaesar?

               Ceaar takes a deep breath, mustering composure.MICKEY (V.O.)Yeah?CAESARHey, Mickey.VIOLETOh, God.MICKEY (V.O.)Caesar?  What the fuck time is it?CAESARMick, I know it's late, but there is 
                         a problem.  They haven't shown up 
                         yet.MICKEY (V.O.)What?  They ain't there?CAESARNo.  I don't know where they are.  I 
                         even called over at Johnnie's, but 
                         no answer.MICKEY (V.O.)Okay.  Let me call around.  I'll see 
                         what I can do.  Don't go anywhere, 
                         okay?CAESAROkay, sure, Mick.MICKEY (V.O.)Caesar, you still got the money?

               Caesar looks at Violet.CAESARYeah, Mick.  I've got the money.  
                         I'm staring right at it.MICKEY (V.O.)Good.  Sit tight.  I'll call you.

               He hangs up.INT. CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCaesar drags himself in.  Violet closes the door behind them.

               Caesar moves into the room where it happened.  He is dizzy 
               and confused and does not want to be here.

               Violet turns him around.VIOLETI'll start packing.  You know what 
                         you have to do.

               She turns him toward the bathroom.  He nods.CAESARI can use Johnnie's car, dump it in 
                         Lake Michigan ...  I need plastic 
                         bags ...  tape and rope ...VIOLETJust hurry.

               Nodding, he heads for the kitchen.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTViolet enters and goes straight for the phone.  She looks at 
               the blank wall as she dials.VIOLETPlease, Corky ...

               The phone rings.

               When Corky answers, Violet almost collapses with relief.VIOLETOh, thank God.CORKYI'm still here.VIOLETI was so afraid you ...CORKYYou don't quit on me, Violet, and I 
                         won't quit on you.INT.  KITCHEN - NIGHTA box of Hefty bags tucked under his arm, a coil of 
               clothesline in his hand, Caesar searches through several 
               cabinets.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTViolet glances at the door.VIOLETCorky, it worked!  He's going to 
                         run.  He needs to take care of the 
                         bodies to buy himself time, but as 
                         soon as he leaves, it's over.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky falls against the wall.VIOLET (V.O.)just a little longer and it's ours.INT.  KITCHEN - NIGHTMumbling to himself, Caesar walks out of the kitchen, heading 
               for the bedroom.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTViolet reaches out and touches the wall, as if she were 
               touching Corky.VIOLETCorky, I have to tell you something...INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky turns to the wall.CORKYI know, Violet.  I know.

               Her fingers gently touch the wall as we travel up and over, 
               where we see they are actually touching the wall in the exact 
               same place.CORKYIt's why I'm still here.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTSuddenly, Violet hears Caesar.CAESAR (V.O.)Violet?

               As he opens the door, she slams down the phone.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTThe line cuts off.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTFear and panic paralyze Violet as Caesar drops everything, 
               grabbing for his gun.CAESARWho was that?

               He levels the gun at her.CAESARWho the fuck was that?

               She stands and be rushes at her, grabbing her by the throat.CAESARWas that Mickey?  Did you call Mickey?  
                         Did you?!

               She shakes her head and he throws her on the bed.  The gun 
               aimed at her, he picks up the phone and --

               Hits the redial.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTUnsure of what happened, Corky hears the phone ring and 
               answers it on reflex.

               Listening, she waits.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTCaesar listens, waiting as long as he can.CAESARMickey?  Is that you?INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky hangs up, jumping away from the wall.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTCaesar hits the redial again.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTPanicking, Corkydoesn't answer it, but as it rings very loud 
               in the empty apartment, she realizes her mistake.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTTurning slowly toward the wall, Caesar hears the phone ringing 
               in the empty apartment.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCorky rips the plug out of the wall.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTThe line goes dead.CAESARWho is that?  Who is over there?!  
                         Tell me!

               She tries to get away, but he grabs her and slaps her to the 
               ground.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENTCorky hears Violet scream and that does it.  Gun in hand, 
               she flies at the door.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTThe door to the empty apartment slams shut and Caesar, hearing 
               it, starts to run --

               But Violet reaches out, catching his ankle, sending him 
               crashing to the dresser.VIOLETRun!  Just run!INT HALL - NIGHTThe door to Caesar's apartment is locked.  Corky falls to 
               one knee, whipping two lock picks from her earlobe.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTCaesar raises the gun to pistol-whip Violet and she screams.INT.  HALL - NIGHTWorking the lock, Corky hears Violet's scream cut off.

               She feels the tumblers click, and rotates the cylinder.

               A shadow stirs under the crack of the door as she hears 
               something that sounds like footsteps.  Corky freezes.

               Corky presses down low against the door beneath the peephole.

               She can almost feel Caesar beyond the door, but grits her 
               teeth and turns the doorknob.INT.  APARTMENT - NIGHTThe door cracks open and Corky slips in, gun-first.  As she 
               moves into the room, we see Caesar behind her.

               He puts his gun to her head.CAESARDrop the fucking gun or die!

               Corky hesitates.CAESARDrop it!

               She does.CAESARTurn around.

               Rising from her crouch, she turns and he recognizes her.CAESARYou!?  Holy fucking Christ!  You 
                         gotta be kidding me!

               He starts to laugh when she strikes --

               Knocking the gun, she punches him, slamming him back against 
               the door as --

               She twists, diving, grabbing her gun, just as --

               He steps and kicks her full in the face.INT.  CLOSET - NIGHTStill unconscious, Corky's head jerks, reacting to the kick.  
               We see the dried blood caked to her check where his kick 
               split the skin.  She is again swimming toward consciousness.

               We hear water splash, her face flinching as we move closer, 
               the sounds and voices echoing.CESAR (V.O.)Wake up!  Come on, you fucking dyke!

               We hear Caesar slapping her.CAESAR (V.O.)Wake up!INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTCorky's face is dripping with water as her eyes slowly blink 
               open.

               Coming into focus is Caesar, standing over her with an empty 
               glass in one hand.CAESARGood.

               Except for the gag, she is bound as we have seen her bound 
               in the closet.

               Caesar yanks out his gun and puts it to her head.CAESARI know everything now so I don't 
                         want to hear any "I don't know" 
                         bullshit, you understand?

               She sees Violet on the bed, also bound hand and foot.CAESARGod, I should have seen this coming!  
                         The second I met you, I knew it.  
                         Everyone knows your kind can't be 
                         trusted!  Fucking queers make me 
                         sick.

               The gun digs into her cheek.CAESARBut you tried to fuck the wrong guy.  
                         And I swear to you that I'm going to 
                         kill you for it.

               He thumbs back the hammer.CAESARWhere is the money?VIOLETDon't tell him --CAESARShut up, Violet!VIOLETHe can't kill you --

               He aims the gun at Violet.CAESARViolet!VIOLETNot until he has the money!

               He fires and she jumps as the bullet punches through the 
               wall behind her.

               His point made, he puts the gun back to Corky's head.CAESARNow, where the fuck is my money?CORKYLick me.CAESARWhere is it?CORKYEither pull the trigger or get that 
                         thing out of my face.

               Blood temperature rising again, Caesar pulls the gun back 
               and slaps her with it.CAESARStupid cunt!VIOLETCaesar, stop acting like an asshole 
                         and think --CAESARDon't try to tell me what to do.VIOLETYou need the money just like we do.CAESARShut up, Violet.VIOLETLet us go and we'll make a deal.

               He rushes at her, grabbing a fistful of her hair.CAESARShut the fuck up!

               He looks at Corky.CAESARWhat did you do to her?!  This isn't 
                         my Violet!

               He looks at her as if unable to recognize herCAESARWhat did she do to you?VIOLETEverything you couldn't.

               He shoves her down.CAESARYou ungrateful bitch!  You had nothing 
                         before I met you.  You were nothing!

               He stomps around the room.CAESARWho gave you this place?  This 
                         apartment?

               He throws open the closet.CAESARWho gave us all of this?  I did!  I 
                         gave you everything!  I gave you 
                         this life!  I made you, Violet.  I 
                         saved you.

               He seems to believe what he is saying.CAESARI saved you.VIOLETHa!  What a load of crap.  Look at 
                         yourself, Caesar.  You're a thug.  
                         |You launder money for the mob.  You 
                         rent women like you rented this 
                         apartment.

               He doesn't want to hear this.VIOLETSaved me?  You don't even know me.  
                         You used me, Caesar, just like I 
                         used you.  All part of the business.CAESARYou betrayed me!VIOLETYou murdered Gino!CAESARI had to.  You made me.VIOLETBullshit, you killed him.  Not me.  
                         You did it because you couldn't stand 
                         the thought of Johnnie fucking you.CAESARShut up!

               He slaps her.CAESAROkay, you want business, I'll give 
                         you the fucking business.

               He leans closer.CAESARI'm going to make you beg just like 
                         Shelly did.  Just like Shelly!

               He storms out of the room.

               Corky looks up at Violet.VIOLETI'm sorry, Corky ...CORKYDon't be sorry.  Help me.

               She pulls at the ropes as Violet slides off the bed.INT.  KITCHEN - NIGHTCaesar throws open the broom closet and grabs the clippers 
               that Mickey used to cut off Shelly's finger.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTThe two women are back-to-back, fingers working at each 
               other's knots when Caesar bursts into the room.CAESAROh, no no no.

               Grabbing Corky by the boots, he drags her and flips her so 
               that she can now see Violet.

               He drops down onto Violet putting the clippers in front of 
               her face.CAESARHey, Violet, you remember these?

               Her eyes widen with terror.  She starts to scream when he 
               stuffs a towel in her mouth.

               Laying against Violet, he turns to Corky.CAESARI'm going to start with her so you'll 
                         get a good idea what's coming.

               He takes hold of Violet's pinky finger, stretching it out.CAESARI'm going to ask you where the money 
                         is.  Every time you don't give me an 
                         answer, I'm going to cut off one 
                         finger.CORKYNo.CAESARWhen I reach ten, then I'll start 
                         with you.

               He puts the finger between the blades.CAESARWhere is the money?

               Corky sees Violet thrashing helplessly.  She has no choice.  
               Her mouth opens as --

               The door buzzer rings.

               Caesar is distracted, trying to think who it could be.CAESAR...  Mickey.

               He sees the phone, where he dropped it, lying off the hook.

               The door buzzer rings again, more insistently.  Corky sees 
               him momentarily unnerved.

               He looks back at her.CAESARI said where --

               He starts to cut and Corky screams --CORKYNo!  I'll tell you!

               He stops, the door buzzing continuously.CORKYIt's over there in the empty 
                         apartment.

               As she speaks, the sound of the door buzzer changes.CORKYI put it inside one of the paint 
                         drums.

               He is not looking at her; listening, he realizes that Mickey 
               is buzzing the other apartments.

               CAESAR stands as the buzzing stops.  He pulls out his gun 
               and aims it at Corky.CAESARI promised I would kill you.

               He cocks it.CORKYYou can't kill me yet.CAESARWhy?CORKYI could be lying.

               His hand start to shake with ftustration.  He is beginning 
               to hate this woman more than he ever hated Johnnie.

               Taking a deep breath, he eases back the hammer.CAESARYou're going to wish to God you hadn't 
                         done that.

               He kicks her again, snapping her head back.

               After he leaves, Violet looks over and sees Corky lying 
               unconscious.INT.  HALL - NIGHTCaesar tries to open the door to the empty apartment but it 
               is locked.CAESARFuck.

               At the end of the hall, the elevator "dings." Just as the 
               door opens, Caesar jumps back into his apartment.INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - NIGHTCAESARSon of a bitch ...

               His mind a racing blur, he locks the door and runs back to 
               the bedroom.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTWith another towel, he gags Corky and drags her into the 
               closet.  In her pocket, he finds the key.

               He closes the doors, then hangs up the phone.

               Grunting, he hauls Violet up over his shoulder --

               When there is a knock on the door.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTCarrying Violet, he hurries to the kitchen, where he throws 
               Corky's gun into the freezer.  Mickey is banging on the door 
               as Caesar heads for the bathroom.INT.  BATHROOMDropping Violet onto the floor, he reaches behind the curtain 
               and turns on the shower.CAESARMickey will get in.  I know he will.

               We hear the water hitting the bodies while Caesar starts 
               tearing off his clothes.CAESARViolet.  I can kill you right now if 
                         that's what you want.  If you want 
                         to live, then you have to help me.  
                         I need you to make Mickey believe 
                         that everything is normal.

               He picks up his gun.CAESARTell me, do you want to live?

               She stares hard at him and his gun, then nods.CAESARGood girl.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTWe move toward the door as the lock clicks open.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTViolet's hands are untied.  She pulls off the gag and the 
               ropes at her feet.

               Naked, Caesar sticks his head under the shower spray, wetting 
               everything.INT.  LIVING ROOMStill dripping, Caesar walks into the room, a towel wrapped 
               around his waist, another towel in his hand.

               Mickey and Lou are standing in the middle of the room.

               Caesar jumps.CAESARJesus Christ!

               Caesar holds his chest, laying it on a bit thick.CAESARHoly fuck, Mickey!  You scared the 
                         shit outta me.

               He sees they both are holding their guns.CAESARWhat is this?  what are you two doing, 
                         sneaking in here with your peckers 
                         in your hands?  You gonna do me, 
                         Mick?  Is that it?

               Mickey smiles, putting his gun away.MICKEYNo, Cease.  There was no answer.CAESARI thought I heard someone knocking.MICKEYI was buzzing, I was knocking, but I 
                         guess you couldn't hear me on account 
                         of being in the shower.CAESARYeah, it was Violet's idea.  I was 
                         so wound up about Gino, she was trying 
                         to help me relax.MICKEYThat Violet is one nice lady.  Wish 
                         someone would help me relax.CAESARShit, Mick, come on in, let me get 
                         you a drink.  Sit down, Lou.

               Behind the bar, he sets down the towel be was holding and we 
               see the gun hidden inside it.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTViolet watches through a sliver of open door, her mind already 
               working.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTCaesar is making the drinks.MICKEYWe was worried about you, Cease.CAESARMe?  Why?MICKEYWe went over to Johnnie's place just 
                         to check it out and it was busted 
                         up, Bad.

               Caesar hands him a drink.MICKEYI started thinking maybe it's about 
                         the money so I call you, but all I 
                         get is the busy signal.  I figure 
                         the phone is off the hook, that's 
                         why I come rushing over here.CAESAROh Christ, the phone ...  That was a 
                         fucking stupid thing to do, wasn't 
                         it?MICKEYHey, if Violet was helping me relax, 
                         I'd probably do the same thing.

               Mickey smiles as he sips his drink.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTViolet stands and goes to the shower curtain.  She reaches 
               in and turns off the water.  Steadying herself, she pulls 
               back the curtain, exposing the wet, bloody bodies.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTMickey is looking at the furniture.MICKEYCease, can I ask you something?CAESARYeah.MICKEYWhy'd you move all the furniture 
                         around?

               The knot in Caesar's stomach tightens.MICKEYLet me guess.  That was Violet's 
                         idea, too.

               He laughs, and Lou laughs with him.CAESARActually, yeah, she was nervous about 
                         Gino coming, wanted everything to 
                         look right.  You know women, Mick.MICKEYSure, Cease.  They make us do stupid 
                         things, don't they.

               Caesar smiles feebly.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTViolet has pulled up Johnnie's body and is digging through 
               his coat pockets, searching for something.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTMickey sees the briefcase still on the coffee table.MICKEYIs that the money?CAESARYeah, that's it.

               Caesar puts his hand inside the towel as Mickey walks across 
               the rug.MICKEYThat fucking Shelly.  I gotta hand 
                         it to the guy, but Jesus, if I were 
                         him I would have bailed a long time 
                         ago.  I mean, how much money does a 
                         man need?

               Talking to Lou, be picks up the case and walks back, somehwo 
               moving right between the wet spots.MICKEYI remember I was just staring at all 
                         this goddamn money, Shelly down on 
                         his knees, and the next thing I know, 
                         Johnnie just blows his head off.

               He slaps the case up onto the bar.MICKEYWhat a fucking mess.  Johnnie's 
                         laughing his ass off and that's when 
                         Caesar lost it and - Boom.  He 
                         coldcocked him.  Fucking coldcocks 
                         Johnnie Marzzone.

               He thumbs the latches but the case is still locked.MICKEYHey, Caesar, where's the key?CAESARThe key, yeah, the key's in my pants 
                         in the bathroom.MICKEYFuck it, I don't need the key.

               Caesar takes the smallest breath.MICKEYI didn't need a key to get in here, 
                         did I?

               He pulls out a lock-pick and starts working the lock.  The 
               muscles in Caesar's forearm bulge as he tightly squeezes his 
               gun.

               He is slipping toward that same desperate choice.  He is 
               going to attack when --

               Across the room, the phone rings.

               Everyone looks at it.MICKEYWho the hell could that be?

               The phone is near the couch.  Caesar doesn't want to let go 
               of the gun.

               The phone continues to ring.MICKEYYou gonna answer it?INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTViolet has Johnnie's cellular phone.

               Watching through the cracked door, Violet sees Caesar cross 
               to answer the phone.CESAR (V.O.)Hello?VIOLETHello, Caesar.  This is Gino.

               Caesar looks toward the bathroom.CAESAR (V.O.)What?VIOLETYou're blowing your only chance.  
                         Act like I'm Gino.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTCaesar's eyes light up.CAESARHoly shit, I don't believe it!  We've 
                         been going crazy over here, Gino!VIOLET (V.O.)Good boy.

               Mickey jumps up.CAESARIt's Gino!  It's Gino!MICKEYWhere in the hell is he?INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTVIOLETWe were in a car accident --CAESAR (V.O.)They were in a car accident.VIOLETBut everybody is all right.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTCAESARThey're all fine.  Just bruises and 
                         shit.VIOLET (V.O.)Now you listen to me, asshole, I 
                         know your gun is behind the bar ...MICKEYUn-fucking-believable.  I called 
                         those highway patrol dumb fucks.CAESARSsh!  I can't hear Gino!VIOLET (V.O.)We make a deal or I come out and 
                         hand this phone to Mickey.CAESARI'm listening.INT.  BATHROOM - NIGHTViolet has her robe over her dress, wrapping her hair in a 
               towel, making sure the bruise on her forehead is hidden.VIOLETI want what's mine, half the money.  
                         We get rid of Mickey, no one else 
                         dies.  No one.  Say yes, I understand.CAESAR (V.O.)Yes, I understand.VIOLETTell them I'm at St. Mary's off the 
                         Kennedy, in the waiting room, but 
                         stay on the phone until I come out.CAESAR (V.O.)Sure, Gino, sure.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTOut of the corner of his eye, he watches Violet come out of 
               the bathroom.CAESARSt.  Mary's off the Kennedy, sure.  
                         Okay, Gino.

               Mickey sees Violet.VIOLETMickey?  What are you doing here?MICKEYViolet, it's Gino and Johnnie.  They 
                         were in a car accident.VIOLETOh my God.  Was anyone hurt?MICKEYI think everything is okay.

               Caesar hangs up.CAESARThey're at St.  Mary's in the waiting 
                         room.

               Mick is already on the way.MICKEYI can't fit them all in my car so 
                         give me your keys.  You drive my 
                         car, Lou.

               Caesar sees Violet walking toward the kitchen.CAESARSure, Mickey, sure.  Violet!

               She stops, looking straight at the freezer.CAESARGo grab my car keys from my pants in 
                         the bathroom.

               She turns to him.CAESARPlease, help us out, Mickey wants to 
                         get going.

               She turns to the bathroom.MICKEYThey might want to go straight to 
                         the airport and back to Miami, so I 
                         better take this.

               He grabs the briefcase.MICKEYYou got the key?CAESAROh yeah.  Violet!INT.  CLOSET - NIGHTWhere Corky remains bound, still unconscious.  We hear the 
               name echo in her head.CAESAR (V.O.)Violet!

               Suddenly, her eyes blink open.CAESAR (V.O.)Violet!

               Her eyes blink again as she tries to focus.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTViolet hands Mickey the keys for the car and the case.MICKEYThanks, V.

               He kisses her on the cheek.CAESARCall me as soon as you get him.MICKEYLeave your phone on the hook.

               Mickey and Lou leave.  Violet is staring at Caesar, standing 
               near the door.

               In his right hand he is holding the other towel.  He smiles.CAESARNow that's teamwork.VIOLETI should have let him kill you.CAESARYou know he would have done you, 
                         too.VIOLETI knew I couldn't trust you.

               He drops the towel, raising the gun.CAESARI said I'd let you live and I will.

               He smiles again.CAESARMaybe.INT.  CLOSET - NIGHTCorky is wide awake, thrashing-mad, biting her gag, struggling 
               to get free.INT.  LIVING ROOM - NIGHTCaesar pulls his pants on.CAESARTime to find out if the dyke was 
                         stupid enough to lie.

               Caesar drags Violet througb the front door.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTThe closet doors burst open as Corky fights her way out.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTCaesar sees the buckets of paint.

               He rips the lid from the nearest and kicks it over.  Paint 
               spills out across the floor.INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTSuddenly Corky stops; something has caught her eye.  We drop 
               down, focusing on what she is staring at --

               The clippers.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTHe kicks over the second bucket and the bag tumbles out with 
               the rushing flow of paint.CAESARYes!

               He turns to Violet, who is already running out the door.CAESARNo!INT.  HALL - NIGHTViolet turns down the hall, bare feet beating against the 
               floor.

               Caesar slices out of the room behind her.CAESARViolet!

               He aims the gun as she hurls her self into the emergency 
               door.CAESARFuck!INT.  STAIRWELL - NIGHTShe flies, hands on the rail, spiraling down each flight as 
               he charges after her.CAESARGoddammit, Violet!  Stop!  Now!INT.  BEDROOM - NIGHTStraining, Corky's fingers curl around the handle of the 
               clippers.INT.  LOBBY - NIGHTViolet smashes through the door, but instead of turning to 
               the main doors, she runs straight for the elevators.

               She pounds the button and waits.VIOLETCome on.  Come on, please.

               She hears Caesar coming just as the elevator opens.

               Caesar crashes out of the stair door, running toward the 
               exit.  When he doesn't see Violet, he turns to the sound of 
               the elevator --

               And catches a glimpse of her as the doors close.CAESAROh, you bitch.  You fucking bitch.

               Taking a really deep breath, he throws open the door to the 
               stairs.INT.  ELEVATOR - NIGHTViolet takes Johnnie's cellular phone from the robe pocket 
               and dials a number.

               Mickey answers on the car phone.VIOLETMickey!  Oh God, Mickey!MICKEY (V.O.)Violet?

               Whispering, she acts terrified.VIOLETHe made me help him, Mickey, God, I 
                         was so afraid.  It was Caesar, all 
                         Caesar.  You have to help me.  He's 
                         coming - Oh God!

               She hangs up, eyes blazing.INT.  STAIRWELL - NIGHTSweat pouring off him, Caesar climbs the stairs.INT.  HALL - NIGHTThe elevator opens, Violet bolts out.  She runs down the 
               hall, past the empty apartment, back to her door.VIOLETCorky?INT.  EMPTY APARTMENT - NIGHTShe rushes to the bedroom, where she finds the coils of cut 
               rope.VIOLETCorky!

               She looks at the wall separating the apartment.INT.  HALL - NIGHTCaesar half-falls out of the stair door, drenched with sweat.INT.  EMPTY APARTMENTGun ready, Caesar throws open the door.

               Spread out like a pond of milk is the spilled paint, but --

               The money is gone.

               Leading away from the white pool are boot prints and the 
               drip trail of the plastic bag.

               The tracks lead to the bathroom.

               Caesar kicks open the bathroom door and finds the bag of 
               money next to Corky's empty boots.

               Over his shoulder we see Corky already swinging a massive 
               pipe wrench.

               At the last second he is able to duck, falling to the ground 
               as --

               The doorjamb splinters with a terrible metal crunch.

               Before he can recover and shoot, she brings the wrench down 
               on his arm.

               He screams as the gun hits the floor.

               She kicks it, sending it skidding, hydroplaning across the 
               paint pool to the other side, leaving a jet trail of white 
               swirls and spirals on the wood floor.

               They fight, Corky raining blows onto his back and flailing 
               arm until --

               He catches her foot, flipping her as he clambers up.

               Scrambling across the paint, slipping, crawling for the gun 
               when --

               Violet bursts in, pointing the gun from the freezer.VIOLETStop!

               Caesar, on hands and knees, looks at her, then at his gun 
               still out of reach.VIOLETIt's over, Caesar.  I called Mickey.  
                         He's on his way.

               Violet stands for long time, the gun trained carefully on 
               him as he rises from the floor.

               Panting, Caesar watches her like a mad dog.VIOLETGet out of here, Caesar.  If you 
                         want to live you had better start 
                         running.

               He smiles.CAESARAll these years and you still don't 
                         know me, Violet.

               She glances down and sees the paint-covered gun.CAESARBut I know you.

               He turns to the gun.VIOLETCaesar, don't.CAESARWhat are you going to do, V?  Shoot 
                         me?  Kill me in cold blood?  I don't 
                         think so.  I'll tell you why.  If 
                         you had it in you to pull that 
                         trigger, you would have done it a 
                         long time ago.  If I was you, I would 
                         have killed me the minute I brought 
                         the money home.  But you didn't and 
                         I know why, because you don't want 
                         to kill me.  Do you, V?  Do you?  
                         No, I know you don't.VIOLETCaesar, you don't know shit.

               Violet fires --

               The bullet hits Caesar in the shoulder, knocking him off 
               balance.  Another doubles him over as blood speckles the 
               pool of paint.

               She empties the gun into him.  His body arcs back, falling, 
               splashing into the paint.

               Caesar's blood bubbles out bright red against the glistening 
               white.DISSOLVE TO:INT.  CAESAR'S APARTMENT - DAYIt is empty and clean.  In the bedroom, only a few hangers 
               are left dangling in the open closet.EXT.  PARKING LOT - DAYMickey is standing with Violet, next to his Lincoln Town 
               Car.VIOLETI will never understand it, Mickey.  
                         You didn't even call the police.MICKEYI told you, the family doesn't want 
                         the police around.  We want to take 
                         care of it ourselves and we will.  
                         I'll find him.  I swear I will.VIOLETI know you will.MICKEYSure you're going to be okay?  I 
                         mean, if you're having second 
                         thoughts, my offer still stands.VIOLETThanks, Mickey, but I need to get 
                         out, you know?  Get away from all of 
                         this.

               Mickey nods.VIOLETBut thanks.  Thanks for everything.

               She hugs him and he kisses her.  Then he gets in his car.  
               Violet watches him drive away and knows that she is free.EXT.  CORKY'S APARTMENTCorky sitting on stoop, patient, like a rock.

               She looks up as she hears high heels, and smiles at --

               Violet standing there, new outfit.

               Corky stands in front of her.CORKYHey.VIOLETHey.CORKYHow'd it go?VIOLETI'm here, aren't I?

               Corky nods.CORKYI guess we should get out of here.

               Violet nods.

               Corky digs out alarm keys, aims, fires.  Violet turns, looks.

               New truck.

               Violet turns to Corky, eyebrow cocked.CORKYThought we might need a getaway car.

               Smiles, they get in.INT.  TRUCKCorky admires truck.CORKYYou know what the difference is 
                         between us, Violet?VIOLETNo.CORKY...  Me neither.

               Lean for kiss, as dolly in.

               Guns engine.

               Zoom.THE END