"INTOLERABLE CRUELTY"

                                      Screenplay by

                               Robert Ramsey, Matthew Stone

                                  Ethan Coen & Joel Coen

                                   Based on a story by

                               Robert Ramsey, Matthew Stone

                                     and John RomanoFIRST DRAFT3/25/97BEVERLY HILLS STREET - NIGHTIt is late night, and deserted. Engine noise approaches; 
               headlights appear; as the car draws closer we hear singing.

               It is a Mercedes convertible and as it roars by, the singing -- 
               a sloppy baritone and a giggling soprano -- whooshes by with 
               it.

               We hold as another car approaches. This one is a conservative 
               sedan, whose occupant does not sing.INSIDE THE CONVERTIBLEThe middle-aged driver is in a tuxedo with a rumpled shirt 
               and cocked bow tie. He is flushed, a Rogue forelock bouncing 
               over his forehead, and he merrily sings "Casey Jones" along 
               with the passenger, a young woman in a party dress who 
               squeals, rocks with the motion of the car, and 
               enthusiastically pipes in on the chorus.ANOTHER EMPTY STREETThe convertible makes a hot turn onto the street and 
               approaches with its singing.REVERSEThe car enters and roars away. After a beat of quiet, the 
               conservative sedan enters and recedes.BEACHWe are at the Malibu Guest Quarters Motel. The singing, 
               squealing Mercedes screeches into the lot and rocks to a 
               halt.

               The young woman staggers out still giggling, and holding a 
               half-empty bottle of champagne.

               The man tosses her a key with a large plastic tag.MANNumber Seven.

               She trots away.

               The man twists his rear-view mirror to look at himself. He 
               straightens his bow tie. He puffs his bounding forelock with 
               one finger, nods his head to make it bounce, grins 
               approvingly, and cocks a pistol-finger at his own reflection.MANZing!MOTEL ROOMThe man enters and looks around. The young woman's dress is 
               tossed onto the bed but she is nowhere to be seen.

               The man pulls an imaginary train whistle.MANChoo! Choo!...

               He looks around, in a closet, under the bed.MANI'm a locomotive, baby! I'm the Wabash 
                         cannonball! I'm a hunka-hunka 
                         burninnnnn' love! I got fire in my 
                         boiler and a fuh -- a fuh --

               He is reacting to a long leg which pokes out from behind the 
               window curtain.

               A salacious smiles spreads across his lips. He pulls on the 
               cord to draw back the curtain and reveal the young woman in 
               red panties and a bra and a saucily cocked conductor's cap.YOUNG WOMANTickets, please.

               The man is stripping off his clothes.MANExcuse me, Miss, is this the train 
                         to Ecsssstasy?YOUNG WOMANPull in your ears, Rexie -- you're 
                         comin' to a tunnel!

               Rex lunges at the young woman and they tumble onto the bed 
               just as --

               CRASH -- the door is kicked open and a short stocky black 
               man built like a bulldog and wearing a porkpie hat rushes 
               into the room with a video camera glued to his eye. He looks 
               like Clarence Thomas with a mustache.MANI'm gonna nail your ass!

               The young woman screams, clutching the sheets to her naked 
               bosom. Rex leaps from the bed, still clad only in his 
               chemindefer boxers, and darts around the room seeking egress.

               The man with the video charges around the room following RexTHE VIDEO IMAGERex is stumbling around the room in a panic, looking for his 
               clothing. The camera swish-pans back to the young woman still 
               screaming in the bed.MANI'm gonna nail your ass!!

               We swish-pan back to Rex as he bends over to pick up his 
               trousers, mooning us.MANI'm gonna nail your ass!PULL BACK FROM THE VIDEO IMAGETo reveal that we are in the detective -- Gus Petch's -- 
               office.GUSI nailed his ass.

               Faintly, from the television monitor we hear screaming and 
               mayhem.WOMAN'S VOICETrains...THE WOMANWatching the monitor, MARYLIN REXROTH is a sensual beauty, 
               with intelligence and class. She watches the monitor without 
               expression.MARYLIN...I thought he'd outgrown trains.

               Gus Petch sits behind a desk.GUSThey never grow-up, lady. They just 
                         get tubby. Me, I've always had ample 
                         proportions. But it's all muscle -- 
                         I'm hard as a rock. I'm not on of 
                         these cream puff sit-behind-a desk 
                         private dicks; I'm an assnailerMARYLINSo I see.

               Faintly, from the monitor:VOICEI'm gonna nail your ass.

               We hear the Young Woman SQUEAL. Marylin reacts.MARYLINHard to believe that's the best he 
                         could do.GUSProbably you're the best he could 
                         do.MARYLINOh. Thank you.GUSYou're takin' it pretty well. I seen 
                         'em weep like they'd hired me to 
                         prove their husbands weren't fooling 
                         around. And I seen 'em celebrate. 
                         Like I just handed 'em a winning 
                         lottery ticket.

               Marylin turns her attention back to the screen.MARYLINI'm just enjoying the movie.TRACKING SHOTAll from the perspective of a moving automobile.

               The moving shots show mansions, palm trees, boutiques; we 
               pass joggers, strolling businessmen holding cellular phones 
               to their ears, male models working as waiters at sidewalk 
               cafes, young women on roller blades who turn, smile, and 
               wave at the camera. It is la dolce vita Los Angeles style.THE DRIVERA handsome, fortyish man in a town car talks into cellular 
               phone. This is MILES MASSEY.MILES-- hello Marjory, any messages? Yeah? 
                         Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Have Wrigley look 
                         up Oliphant v. Oliphant for its 
                         relevance to the Chapman filing. She 
                         took the kids where? Tahoe? Which 
                         side of Tahoe. Great. If the cruise 
                         goes all the way around the lake, 
                         she left the state and she's in 
                         breach. She can't leave the state. 
                         Tell Wrigley to prepare a filing to 
                         attach everything. Primary residence, 
                         autos, stocks...
                              (Beat)
                         Sure. Put him through.
                              (Beat)
                         Hello Ross. What? She's sleeping 
                         with the nanny? Well, you're 
                         separated. She can sleep with -- is 
                         this the one you slept with? Oh. A 
                         guy? Interesting career choice. Hmmm? 
                         Yes. I know you want her dead. 
                         Everyone in your tax bracket wants 
                         their ex wives dead.EXT. BEVERLY HILLS MANSERex is trying his key in the front door of his house. Finding 
               it doesn't, work he rattles the knob, then leans on the 
               doorbell.

               We hear distant chimes.REXHoney! ...Honey?!

               Finally, through the intercom:MARYLINRex. Get away from the door.REXLook, Marylin, can't we have a 
                         civilized discussion about this?MARYLINWe are. And it's winding down.REXBut Marylin, you know a divorce would 
                         ruin me right now. Everything I have -- 
                         everything we have -- is tied up in 
                         my business. The business is my entire 
                         life.MARYLINAre you forgetting about the Atcheson, 
                         Topeka and the Santa Fe?REXMarylin?MARYLINRex. Go away. I don't want to have 
                         to sic the dogs on you.REXDogs?

               From inside the house we hear the menacing sound of LARGEDOGS BARKING.LETTERINGOn an interior wall; it says MASSEY, MEYERSON, SLOAN &GURALNICK.A pull back shows that we are in a waiting room, and a 
               receptionist leans over her partition to chirp at Rex Rexroth.RECEPTIONISTMr. Massey will be right with you.INT. MASSEY MEYERSON CONFERENCE ROOM - DAYMiles addresses a group of young Attorneys at the firm.MILESThe problem is that everyone is 
                         willing to compromise. That's the 
                         problem with the institution of 
                         marriage -- it's based on compromise. 
                         Even through its dissolution. One 
                         attorney will try to score some 
                         points, the opposition will try to 
                         impeach. The process will find an 
                         equilibrium point determined by the 
                         skill of the opposing lawyers, and 
                         then each party will walk away with 
                         their portion of the "goodies." Some 
                         say, "Life is compromise." But at 
                         Massey Myerson we believe life is 
                         struggle and the ultimate destruction 
                         of your opponent.

               The Receptionist pokes her head into the conference room.RECEPTIONISTYour eleven o'clock is here.MILESLadies and Gentlemen -- we will 
                         continue this at the Associates 
                         Meeting next Friday. In the meantime, 
                         I want you to consider this... Ivan 
                         the Terrible, Henry the VIII, Attila 
                         the Hun -- what did they have in 
                         common?

               As he exits.ASSOCIATEMiddle names?MILES MASSEY'S OFFICEYou may have seen it in the issue before last of "World of 
               Interiors." There's a Rothko on the wall, an Elle Bleu humidor 
               on the desk, peonies in the vase, and the diploma is from 
               Yale.MILESMr. Rexroth.REXRex, please.MILESMiles Massey. Please sit, relax, and 
                         consider this office your office, 
                         your haven, your war room -- for the 
                         duration of the campaign.REXThank you.MILESNow Rex.

               He leans back in the leather executive chair behind his desk, 
               makes a steeple of his fingers, and dons his look of deepest 
               concern.MILES-- Tell me your troubles.

               Rex, nervous, laughs ruefully.REXJeez. Where do I start?

               Miles gives an encouraging, rueful smile in return.REX...Well, my wife has me between a 
                         rock and a hard place.MILESThat's her job. You have to respect 
                         that.REXWhen I first met Marylin -- Well, we 
                         were crazy about each other. Not 
                         emotionally, of course. We just 
                         couldn't keep our hands off each 
                         other.MILESMm.REXBut then... But then...

               Quietly.MILESTime marches on. Ardor cools.REXNo. Not exactly. It didn't exactly 
                         cool. Marylin is a knock-out. And 
                         very sexy -- but -- there's a lot of 
                         it out there.MILESAh.REXYou know what I mean when I say "it."MILESGotcha. No need to get anatomically 
                         correct with me, Rex.REXSeems like there's more of it than 
                         ever before --MILESWell, with the expanding global 
                         population -- Let me ask you this -- 
                         your wife. Has she pursued the 
                         opportunities which must present 
                         themselves to the "knock-out, sexy 
                         woman" you described?REXI don't know. I can assume...MILESNot in court you can't. Has she 
                         retained counsel?REXI'm not sure.MILESAnd your wife is aware of or has 
                         evidence of your activities?REXVideo.MILESMmm... And to cut to the chase, 
                         forensically speaking -- is there a 
                         pre-nup?

               Rex hangs his head.

               Miles sighs sympathetically.MILESThe fault, dear Brutus, is not in 
                         our stars, but in ourselves. Well, 
                         let me ask you this: what kind of 
                         settlement do you seek? What are, 
                         for you, the parameters of the 
                         possible?REXThat's the problem. I can't afford 
                         to give her anything.MILESNothing?REXI know that sounds rough but I'm 
                         about to close on a deal to develop 
                         some mini-malls, and I'm mortgaged 
                         up to my ass. If this deal goes south, 
                         I'm ruined -- I'll lose millions.MILESSo, you propose that in spite of 
                         demonstrable infidelity on your part, 
                         your unoffending wife should be tossed 
                         out on her ear?REXWell -- is that possible?

               Miles smiles at him.EXT. RUNNING PATH - SAN VICENTE BLVD. - MORNINGMarylin power walks along the San Vicente Bike Path with her 
               friends SARAH SORKIN and RAMONA BARCELONA. It's early, but 
               the path is crowded with bikers, bladers, runners, power 
               walkers, wheelchair racers etc. Ramona pushes her infant in 
               a baby jogger.SARAHYou want to come out to the beach 
                         house tomorrow?MARYLINI didn't know Barry had a beach house.SARAHNeither did I until my lawyer found 
                         it -- quite a paper trail -- he had 
                         it in the dog's name.RAMONA(To Marylin)
                         So who'd you hire?MARYLINRuth Rabino.SARAHShe's a legend. Didn't she do Kravis 
                         or a Pearlman? She definitely did a 
                         Factor.MARYLINShe did a Harriman.SARAHWow.MARYLINIn the words of my Private 
                         Investigator, we're going to nail 
                         his ass.RAMONAI've been trying to nail George's 
                         for years, but he's very careful. 
                         I'll just keep having children. I 
                         think I'm pregnant, by the way.SARAHRamona! Don't get Mia Farrow on us.RAMONAThree is not Farrow.SARAHWho's Rex's guy?MARYLINMiles Massey.SARAHOf Massey Myerson?MARYLINDo you know him?SARAHBy reputation. He got Ann Rumsey 
                         that cute little island of George's.RAMONAGeorge was so impressed he hired him 
                         when he divorced his second.SARAHMuriel Rumsey.MARYLINWho's she?SARAHNow? She's a night manager at 
                         McDonalds.RAMONAYou should have tried to get pregnant 
                         Marylin -- solidify your position.MARYLINNo.RAMONAYou like kids.MARYLINI can't have a baby with a man I 
                         don't love... And I can't submit a 
                         child to divorce.SARAHIt's not so bad these days. Kids 
                         like joint custody. Two sets of toys.RAMONAMaybe next time.MARYLINMaybe.SARAHWe do have a man for you.RAMONAThorstenson Gieselensen. He just 
                         separated from his third. He's in 
                         fish. He is fish.SARAHShe's keeping his name. And one of 
                         his planes. And all seven of his 
                         childrenRAMONAAnd only two are hers.MARYLINPlease. I'm not seeing anyone until 
                         this is over. One husband at a time.SARAHI wish I had your discipline.A COURTROOMWe are close on the person on the witness stand, a woman in 
               her 60's.LAWYERMrs. Guttman, you have testified 
                         that you were your husband's sexual 
                         slave for thirty-six years, ever 
                         since you were married --WITNESSExcept for two years when he was in 
                         the Navy, in Korea.LAWYERPrior to your marriage, what was 
                         your profession?WITNESSI was a hostess. For Trans-World 
                         Airlines.LAWYERWhat is your husband's profession?WITNESSHe manufactures staples and industrial 
                         brad-tacks. He's very successful.JUMP BACKAt the counsel's table in the foreground Miles chats, voice 
               lowered with WRIGLEY, a boyish, bespectacled junior associate. 
               Beyond them we see the woman on the witness stand continuing 
               her testimony.WRIGLEYWait... He wants to give her...?MILESNothing.WRIGLEYAnd she has...?MILESVideo.WRIGLEYWhat the fuck...?

               Miles turns to Wrigley with a look of indignation. He gestures 
               to their surroundings.MILESWrigley!WRIGLEYSorry.MILESSometimes I have serious doubts about 
                         you.WRIGLEYI am very sorry.MILESAm I mentoring the wrong mentee?WRIGLEYNo. You're not.MILESI could be mentoring Kramer. Kramer 
                         clerked for Scalia.

               Wrigley looks suicidal.BACKGROUND LAWYER (O.S.)Couldn't you simply walk away from 
                         this abusive relationship?WOMANNo, he had the videos...MILESAnyway, I need a challenge. This --

               He waves dismissively at the courtroom.MILES-- is not a challenge. I need 
                         something I can sink my teeth into, 
                         professionally speaking.WOMANHe would invite these girls home 
                         from the staple factory to our 
                         condominium in Palm Springs. He had 
                         a device he called the Intruder.JUDGEMr. Massey! I ask again, if you have 
                         any questions for the complainant.MILESI'm sorry, your honor, I was just 
                         conferring with my associate...

               He rises.MILESNow then, Mrs. Guttman. Do you know 
                         a gentleman named Morris Rudnick?MRS. GUTTMANWell, yes, Morris is my accountant.MILES(sadly)
                         Accountant.

               He reaches back and Wrigley puts a manila file in his hand.MILESWe would like to offer these 
                         photographs into evidence...WAITING ROOM - MASSEY MEYSERSONThe receptionist leans over her partition to chirp at Marylin 
               and her attorney Ruth Rabinow. Ruth is a sturdy woman in her 
               late 60's. If Mrs. Guttman had gone to law school...RECEPTIONISTMr. Massey will see you now.CONFERENCE ROOMIn the middle of the Massy Meyerson conference table is a 
               large fruit and pastry plate.

               The door swings open. Miles rises.MILES...Ruth!

               They shake hands.MILES-- Ruth Rabinow, this is Rex Rexroth. 
                         And you must be Mrs. Rexroth.MARYLINAnd you must be Mr. Massey.

               They appraise each other for a beat. They are impressed and, 
               they are impressive. As they settle in:MARYLIN(Sadly)
                         Hello, Rex.REXMarylin.MARYLINAre you alright? You lost weight.REXMy whole metabolism is -- off.

               Miles has been staring at Marylin. She notices this, and 
               smiles shyly. He snaps out of it.MILESSo, Ruth. How's Sam?RUTHSam is Sam. He's taking up fly 
                         fishing. He's in a yert in Montana.MILESA yert.
                              (To Rex)
                         Ruth is a living legend, Rex. At a 
                         time when most women are in Boca, 
                         having early bird specials -- she's 
                         working so her husband can be in 
                         Montana. In a yert.REXWhat's a yert?RUTH(Dryly)
                         I ran into your mother at the 
                         radiologist last week.MILESWhat?!RUTHOh, just a routine mammogram. She 
                         said to say hello. She's going to 
                         Positano with your brother's family.

               A tight, terse smile from Miles.MILESHow nice.MARYLINPositano is beautiful. Remember when 
                         we were there, Rex? We stayed in the 
                         Santo Pietro? That hotel on the cliff?REXYeah.

               They drift for a moment.RUTHSo, Miles. If you have a proposal, 
                         let's hear it.MILESAt this point my client is still 
                         prepared to consider reconciliation.RUTHMy client has ruled that out.MILESMy client is prepared to entertain 
                         an amicable dissolution of the 
                         marriage without prejudice.RUTHThat's delusional.MILESMy client proposes a thirty day 
                         cooling off period.RUTHMy client feels sufficiently 
                         dispassionate.MILESMy client asks that you not initiate 
                         proceedings pending his setting 
                         certain affairs in order.RUTHHa Ha.MILES(conceding the point)
                         Heh heh.REXWhat's so goddamn funny?

               Miles lays a hand on his arm.MILESPlease -- let me handle this.

               He puts the clipboard away and looks carefully at Ruth.MILES-- So much for the icebreakers. 
                         What're you after, Ruth?RUTHMy client is prepared to settle for 
                         fifty percent of the marital assets.MILESWhy only fifty percent, Ruth? Why 
                         not ask for a hundred percent?RUTHOh brother. Here we go.MILESWhy not a hundred and fifty percent?RUTHYes. Maybe you're right, Miles. Maybe 
                         we're being too conservative. Seventy 
                         five percent.

               Rex winces. Rubs his stomach. Marylin leans forward and 
               whispers to him.MARYLINDo you need a Tagamet?REXYou have some?

               She removes a pack of the tablets from her purse, along with 
               several vials of prescription drugs.MARYLINThese are yours.MILESNot according to Mrs. Rabinow.

               She hands the pills to a grateful Rex. Their hands touch for 
               a moment.MARYLINHave you been taking your digestive 
                         enzymes?REX(Contrite)
                         Sometimes I forget.

               She looks at him like a concerned parent. Miles and Ruth 
               watch the interaction.MARYLIN(To the attorneys)
                         I'm sorry. Where were we?RUTHWe were about to request the primary 
                         residence, and thirty percent of the 
                         remaining assets.MILESAre you familiar with Kirshner?RUTHKirshner does not apply. Kirshner 
                         was in Kentucky.REXWhat's Kirshner?MILESPlease -- let me handle this. Okay, 
                         Ruth, forget Kirshner -- what's your 
                         bottom line?RUTHThe primary residence and FORTY 
                         percent of the remaining assets. 
                         You're becoming tedious Miles.REXAren't we going in the wrong 
                         direction?MILESShhh. Please. Let me do my job.
                              (To Ruth)
                         Buy a clue, Ruthie. Have you forgotten 
                         about Kirshner?

               Ruth stands and closes her attach� case.RUTHSee you at the preliminary.

               Miles calls to Ruth's retreating back.MILESFine. We'll eat all the pastry.

               Going through the door, Ruth doesn't react, but Marylin 
               following, glances back -- bemused, but with a trace of a 
               smile.

               Rex swallows two more tablets. He sits, looking despondent.MILESI think that went as well as could 
                         be expected.REXShe always looked out for me.MILESAnd she had private investigators 
                         assisting her.REX(Sentimental)
                         She brought my digestive enzymes.MILESIn anticipation of making you sick.REXMaybe I should reconsider my...

               Miles looks at him. Shakes his head, sadly.MILESA superficial display of marital 
                         solicitude, and you lose your resolve? 
                         Rex. I underestimated you. But I'm 
                         your attorney, and if you choose to 
                         reward her for that mediocre charade 
                         of spousal concern...

               He shrugs, helplessly.REXYou're right. Screw her.INT. GYM - CLOSE ONA woman walking across a gymnasium floor. Suddenly, she's 
               assaulted by a huge, grotesquely garbed assailant. His sweats 
               barely cover his massive, overdeveloped musculature. On his 
               head, a ski mask stretches over a padded football helmet. He 
               grabs the woman, yanks her back towards him. She reacts 
               swiftly. With a ferocious "NO," she stomps on his foot, and 
               smashes him in the face. The mugger raises his hands in a 
               gesture of submission.APPLAUSEWe pull back and see that we are in a Self Defense Class. 
               Two instructors, two "muggers" and ten women students all 
               wearing T-shirts with the words IMPACT-Personal Safety. 
               Marylin and Sarah sit against the wall.MARYLINI don't know what his game is. He 
                         dismissed every one of Ruth's 
                         proposals. And Sarah, we weren't 
                         unreasonable.SARAHWell what does he want?MARYLINI don't know. Ruth kept her cool, 
                         but I could tell she was surprised.SARAHHe has a reputation for being tough.

               Marylin watches as a new "victim" begin her walk across the 
               gym.MARYLIN(Grinning)
                         Lilly's up.SARAHOh, God!

               The mugger emerges from his station and makes his way toward 
               the "victim." She glances over her shoulder, and at the sight 
               of the monster bearing down on her, screams and runs to the 
               exit. Marylin and Sarah giggle, but reproachful looks from 
               the other students force them to affect concerned looks.MARYLIN(Whispers)
                         Every week --SARAHI'm dying.

               The two Instructors and the Mugger try to coax the sobbing 
               woman back into the room. They clasp her in an empathic group 
               hug.MARYLINAnyway, even Rex seemed perplexed by 
                         his intransigence. If I didn't know 
                         better, I'd swear Massey had some 
                         personal investment in my ruination.SARAHSo where are you now?MARYLINWell, if he continues to maintain 
                         this position -- we're in court.SARAHShit.MARYLINGet this! He called and invited me 
                         to dinner.

               The INSTRUCTOR, a vivacious phys ed major, approaches Marylin.INSTRUCTORMarylin? Ready.MARYLINHuh? Oh, yeah. Sure.

               Marylin gets up and coolly walks to center stage, passing 
               the traumatized Lilly.SARAHThat's completely odd.

               Marylin begins the Victim walk. The Mugger quickly moves up 
               from the rear.MARYLIN(To Sarah)
                         I know. That's why I accepted. Find 
                         out what's up with this clown.

               The Mugger is upon her. He grabs her hair. She stomps his 
               foot, and smoothly wheels around SMASHING him in the nose 
               with her elbow, while KNEEING HIM in the groin.

               The women Cheer.INSTRUCTORThat was excellent, Marylin. But you 
                         forgot to yell "no."MARYLINAh.
                              (Calmly, to the Mugger)
                         No.CUT TO:ELEGANT RESTAURANT - EVENINGMiles rises from his seat as Marylin enters.MILESMrs. Rexroth. Thank you for coming.

               The Maitre d' is pulling out a chair for her.MARYLINI have to admit. I was curious. And 
                         hungry.MAITRE D'Something to start? Some wine, 
                         perhaps?

               Miles glances at the wine list.MILESFrench?
                              (She smiles)
                         Bordeaux? Hmmm. Chateau Margaux '57.

               Miles nods at the maitre d' who returns the nod and withdraws.MARYLINI assume this is on Rex?MILESIsn't everything?

               Miles regards her.MILESYour husband told me you were 
                         beautiful, but I was unprepared.MARYLIN"Dismiss your vows, your feigned 
                         tears, your flattery, for where a 
                         heart is hard, they make no battery."

               Miles leans back, props his chin on one fist, and considers 
               her.MILESSimon & Garfunkel?

               She laughs.MILESDo you have a hard heart, Marylin.MARYLINDid you see the tape?MILESNot yet.MARYLINSee the tape. Then we can discuss my 
                         heart.

               A waiter appears and pour a taste of wine which Miles sips 
               and -- He nods at the waiter who pours two glasses.MARYLINTell me Mr. Massey. What was your 
                         performance about this afternoon?MILESWhat does your lawyer think?MARYLINRuth says you've been too successful, 
                         that you're bored, complacent, and 
                         you're on your way down.MILESBut you don't agree?MARYLINHow do you know?MILESWhy would you be here?MARYLINI told you. I was hungry.

               FLAP a menu enters frame. It is handed to Marylin; another 
               is handed to Miles.MILESI'll have the tournedos of beef. And 
                         the lady will have the same?
                              (To Marylin)
                         I assume you're a carnivore.MARYLINI know you do.

               She addresses the waiter.MARYLINRisotto with white truffles, please.

               Miles looks at her with appreciation.MILES"Who ever lov'd that lov'd not at 
                         first sight?"MARYLINYou didn't ask me here to pick me 
                         up. You could get in trouble for 
                         that.MILESNot really. You're not my client. 
                         Freedom of association. Big issue 
                         with the First Amendment fans. Want 
                         to go to Hawaii for the weekend?MARYLINHave you ever been married, Miles?MILESNo.MARYLINYou don't believe in it.MILESAs a matter of fact, I'm a huge fan.MARYLINYou just haven't met the right person.MILESNo. I haven't. Have you?

               She regards him for a moment.MARYLINAll right, Miles. Let me tell you 
                         everything you THINK you know. I was 
                         married to Rex for a long time. I 
                         was an excellent wife, a partner, a 
                         lover, a hostess and a friend. There 
                         was only one thing I did wrong during 
                         the five years we were together. I 
                         got five years older. Think he should 
                         be able to ditch me for that?MILESHe wants a reconciliation.MARYLINSee the tape. Then we can discuss 
                         reconciliation. Rex screwed up and I 
                         nailed his ass. Now I'm going to 
                         have it mounted and have my 
                         girlfriends over to throw darts at 
                         it. Then I'm getting on with my life. 
                         That's all I'm after.MILESGotcha.MARYLINWhat is it you're after, Miles?MILESOh, I'm a lot like you -- just looking 
                         for an ass to mount.MARYLINWell, don't look at mine!VOICE (O.S.)Oyez. Oyez. Family court for the 
                         fifth district of Los Angeles County 
                         is now in session.COURT ROOMA large black woman in judicial robes and raiment enters 
               from behind the Solomonic Platform.CLERK-- The Honorable Marva Munson 
                         presiding. All rise.

               Massey, Wrigley, and Rex Rexroth in between, rise. Rex and 
               Wrigley remain respectfully standing, facing forward, as 
               they whisper out of the side of their mouths:REXHave you sat before her before?

               Wrigley considers.WRIGLEY-- the judge sits. We argue. We argue 
                         before her. She sits before us.REXOkay. Has she sat before you before?WRIGLEYYou can't sit before her. That's the 
                         rule! She sits before we argue!

               Miles glances over and hisses:MILESShut! Up!A GAVEL CRASHESLATERWe are on a close lateral track of the jurors faces as they 
               sit, with earphones on, in the darkened courtroom, illuminated 
               by a flickering TV monitor.

               Leaking tinnily through the headsets we hear a very faint:VOICEI'm gonna nail your ass.

               The track ends over at Marylin's table, where Marylin also 
               wearing headphones, looks on with studied stoicism. Ruth 
               lays a consoling hand on her shoulder.LATERMarylin Rexroth now struggles to maintain her composure on 
               the witness stand. She is modestly dressed and her attitude 
               is one of shocked, wounded innocence.MARYLINI was devastated. Of course.RUTHThank you, Mrs. Rexroth.JUDGEMr. Massey, any questions?

               Miles soberly rises.MILESMmmm --

               He paces, hands clasped behind his back, affecting to be 
               lost in thought.

               Marylin watches him.

               Finally Miles, still pacing, declaims:MILES"Dismiss your vows, your feigned 
                         tears, your flattery, for where a 
                         heart is hard, they make no 
                         battery..."

               Marylin looks up from her handkerchief with a look of startled 
               irritation. Miles stops pacing and turns to face her with a 
               faint smile.MILESDo you know those lines, Mrs. Rexroth?

               Marylin examines him with guarded eyes. Ruth sensing something 
               unscripted going on, tries to cut it off.RUTHObjection, your honor!JUDGEGrounds?RUTHUh... poetry recitation.MILESLet me rephrase. Mrs. Rexroth, how 
                         high is that wall around your heart?

               Marylin eyes him suspiciously.RUTHYour honor, this is harassment! Arid 
                         frankly it's still a little...

               She flutters one hand.RUTH...arty farty!MILESRephrase. Mrs. Rexroth, have you 
                         ever been in love?

               Marylin hesitates, gives a "what does this mean look" to 
               Ruth. She returns a "beats me."MARYLINYes. I loved my husband, Rex.MILESAnd you've always loved him?

               Smiles slips out:MARYLIN"Who ever lov'd that lov'd not at 
                         first sight?"

               Miles returns a fleeting smile.MILESAnd you hoped to spend the rest of 
                         your life with him?MARYLINYes. Why is that so difficult for 
                         you to understand?

               She looks at Rex with tender sorrow.MARYLINRex was -- is -- a very appealing 
                         man. I am sorry I couldn't...
                              (Tearing up)
                         I tried my best.

               Miles almost smiles. She's good.MILESThat'll be all Mrs. Rexroth. Please 
                         forgive me for causing you additional 
                         anguish.
                              (To the Judge)
                         Thank you, Your Honor. No further 
                         questions.

               A Bailiff offers to help Marylin off the stand. She politely 
               and courageously declines.JUDGEWho's next, Mrs. Rabinow.RUTHWe rest, Your Honor.JUDGEMr. Massey?MILESYes, Your honor. I call Patricia 
                         Kennedy DeCordoba Isenberg.BAILIFFPatricia Kennedy DeCordoba Isenberg.

               Marylin, in the process of reseating herself behind her table, 
               pauses.

               Ruth notices this and leans in.RUTHWho's that?MARYLINJesus.

               An attractive woman in her mid fifties advances to be sworn. 
               She was a beauty, but her glory days are past and she's not 
               taking it well. She looks tense and slightly hypo-manic. She 
               speaks in a breathy, giggly voice, and smiles frequently for 
               no apparent reason.BAILIFFMrs. Isenberg.PATRICIABanderas.BAILIFFMrs. Banderas, do you solemnly swear 
                         that the testimony you are about to 
                         give shall be the truth, the whole 
                         truth, and nothing but the truth so 
                         help you God?PATRICIAYes, Mr. Bailiff. I do.MILESNow, Mrs. Banderas. What is your 
                         relationship to Mrs. Rexroth.PATRICIAWe don't have much of a relationship 
                         anymore. I haven't seen her since 
                         before she married Rex. We had some 
                         very nice times prior to that. We 
                         were quite close.RUTH(To Marylin)
                         Is this a lover?MARYLINPlease!MILESAnd how would you define your 
                         relationship to Mrs. Rexroth. You 
                         know -- you are her...?PATRICIAMother?RUTHWhat?!

               Marylin sighs.MILESHer Mother?

               Patricia smiles coyly. Gives Marylin a silly little wave by 
               way of greeting.PATRICIAHi, Sweetie.MILESHard to believe I know. I'm sure you 
                         are frequently mistaken for sisters.MARYLIN(Mumbles)
                         He'll regret this.MILESHave you ever met Mr. Rexroth?PATRICIANo. I haven't. But I've been out of 
                         town.
                              (Little girlish wave)
                         Hello, Rex. Hello there.MILESYou were never invited to meet your 
                         son-in-law?PATRICIANo. Uh uh. I don't think so. Hmm? 
                         No. Well... no.RUTHObjection, Your Honor. This isn't 
                         about Mrs. Rexroth's filial 
                         obligations.JUDGESustained.MILESDid you know Mrs. Rexroth was married?PATRICIAOf course. Of course she was married. 
                         What else would she be? Single? I 
                         don't think so.

               She laughs merrily at some private joke between her and her 
               psyche.PATRICIALet me tell you something about Patty.MILESWho's "Patty."PATRICIAOh. That's her name. Patricia. Like 
                         mine. I was Pat and she was Patty. 
                         But she changed it after seeing "Some 
                         Like It Hot." To Marylin. After 
                         Marylin Monroe.MILESI see. And what were you going to 
                         tell us about Patty slash Marylin?PATRICIAWhen she was a tiny girl? And people 
                         asked her what she wanted to be when 
                         she grew up? She never said the usual 
                         things little girls say -- like -- 
                         nurse -- ballerina -- anchorwoman? 
                         She always said --
                              (Very Shirley Temple)
                         "When I grow up, I want to be 
                         divorced."

               She laughs happily at the memory.MILESDivorce was her childhood aspiration?PATRICIAWell, not just divorce. She used to 
                         say "I want to be divorced from some 
                         big dumb rich guy..." And I guess 
                         her dream is coming true.
                              (To Marylin)
                         I'm happy for you PattyINT. SARAH SORKIN'S BEACH HOUSE - NIGHTPasta being cooked. Salad being tossed. Wine glasses are 
               filled. It's Girl's Night at the beach.MARYLINIt was like that scene in The 
                         Godfather. Frankie Pentangeli is 
                         called to testify against the Family. 
                         And he's in court, and he looks into 
                         the spectators gallery, and sees his 
                         Brother. They brought the brother 
                         from Sicily. And Frankie can't say a 
                         word. He can't testify. That's what 
                         it was like seeing Pat in there. I 
                         couldn't even have Ruth cross examine 
                         her.RAMONAWhy do you think she did it?MARYLIN(Shrugs)
                         Maybe she wanted a free trip to LA. 
                         Maybe they offered her money. Massey 
                         is very seductive. Who knows.RAMONAMaybe they put a horse head in her 
                         bed?SARAHThat stinks. They left you with 
                         absolutely nothing. It makes you 
                         wonder about the entire legal system. 
                         Like Rodney King.MARYLINThey bought her speech. If I was 
                         only in it for Rex's money, he 
                         shouldn't have to give me any.RAMONAThat doesn't make sense. It's like 
                         punishing you for being goal oriented.SARAHWell, you can live here as long as 
                         you want. Do you have any plans?MARYLINNothing specific, but I'll have my 
                         own place soon.SARAHSo, Marylin. Is that what you said 
                         when you were a little girl?MARYLINProbably. Every woman in my life was 
                         divorced at least twice. What was I 
                         supposed to say. Anthropologist?RAMONAI begged you to have a baby!MARYLINIn the Godfather, after the courtroom 
                         scene, Frankie Pentangeli opens his 
                         veins in the bathtub.SARAHYou're not...MARYLINNo. I'll see some blood before this 
                         is over, but it won't be mine.CUT TO:INT. GIANT MOCK TUDOR - BEVERLY HILLSMiles is at his weekly chess game with his college friend, 
               DR. KENNETH BECK, a disaffected plastic surgeon. Miles, Cohiba 
               in hand, studies the board. Dr. Ken sips his Merlot. Moves a 
               piece.MILESShe got absolutely nothing. Zero. 
                         Zip.KENNETHSo. I won't be seeing her? Your 
                         clients usually visit me after the 
                         settlement.MILESNot this one. Not unless her HMO 
                         covers plastic surgery, which, 
                         incidentally, she does not need.KENNETHEveryone needs plastic surgery. You 
                         need it.MILESI don't need it.KENNETHYou want Botox?MILESWhat the hell is Botox?KENNETHIt's a form of botulism. I just inject 
                         it into your forehead, and it 
                         paralyzes your eyebrows so you can't 
                         raise them...MILESWhy in God's name would I want...?KENNETHNo frown lines.
                              (Notices Miles watch)
                         New watch?MILESIt's a LeCoultre Revers. You can 
                         flip the face, and set it for two 
                         time zones.KENNETHWhy would you need two time zones? 
                         You never leave Beverly Hills.MILESIt was a gift from a client.KENNETHSet one side for Bel Air.MILESBotox. Christ. We had aspirations 
                         when we were in college.KENNETHWe did not.MILESYou were going to be a Cardiac 
                         Surgeon. I was going to clerk for 
                         the Supreme Court.KENNETHI was going to play golf. You were 
                         going to have Asian girlfriends.MILESDenial is not a river in Egypt.

               Kenneth moves a chess piece.KENNETHYou're in check.MILESI should be in therapy.INT. MILES MASSEY'S OFFICEMiles addresses BONNIE DONOVAN, a client.MILESYes. Your husband did show remarkable 
                         foresight in taking those pictures. 
                         And, yes, absent a swimming pool, 
                         the presence of the pool man would 
                         appear to be suspicious. But Bonnie, 
                         who is the real victim here? Let me 
                         suggest the following. Your husband, 
                         who on a prior occasion slapped you -- 
                         beat you --BONNIE(Reacts)
                         Well, I wouldn't say --MILESYour husband, who has beaten you -- 
                         repeatedly --BONNIEHe --MILESPlease -- was at the time brandishing 
                         your firearm, trying in his rage to 
                         shoot an acquaintance -- friend of 
                         long standing --BONNIEThey hate each other --MILESSo he says now! But if not for your 
                         cool headed intervention, his tantrum 
                         might have ended this schmoe's life 
                         and ruined his own... As for the 
                         sexual indiscretion which he imagined 
                         had taken place, wasn't it in fact 
                         he who had been sleeping with the 
                         pool man?

               He stares contemplatively at the ceiling and, after a beat, 
               responds to the silence:MILESAm I going to far here?

               A squawk box interrupts with a female voice.VOICEMr. Massey, Mr. Meyerson would like 
                         to see you when you have a moment.

               Miles is surprised.MILESHerb wants to see me?VOICEWhen you have a moment.INT. OFFICESlatted shades are drawn against the sun. It is dim, gloomy. 
               We can just make out the shape of an ancient man -- small, 
               hunched -- seated behind an enormous desk. A gallows shape 
               next to him is hard to make out; it is tall, rail thin and 
               fixed with a swinging, glinting appendage.

               A voice -- old, dry, rasping, lightly accented of a long-
               gone Brooklyn boyhood -- seems disembodied and sourceless, 
               as if it is the voice of the gloom itself.VOICEThoity-six objections sustained, 
                         tree overruled; fawteen summary 
                         judgements sought, toiteen ranite, 
                         eighteen movments to voice fuh 
                         respondent's prejudice, eighteen 
                         ranite which is a hunnut pissent

               An arm is being extended toward us and the glinting appendage 
               swings with it: we see that it is an IV which snakes down 
               and into the hunched man's suit sleeve.VOICE-- Twelve cawt days on the Rexrawt 
                         case alone; tree hunut'n twenty 
                         billable hours paralegal soivicies; 
                         four hunnut'n two billable associate 
                         counsel and consultative; six hunnut'n 
                         eighty billable at full attorney 
                         rate and eightyfive lunches charged.

               Miles takes the man's offered hand, withered and roped with 
               veins, and accepts its clammy shake.VOICE-- Counseluh, you are the engine 
                         that drives this foim --

               He leans back in his chair, breathing heavily, and runs a 
               tongue over his sandpapery lips. He is wearing oversize Swifty-
               Lazar style glasses, heavily tinted in spite of the dark.

               At lengthMILESThank you Herb.INT. MILES OFFICEMiles sits behind his desk, fingers steepled, staring at 
               nothing, a haunted look on his face.

               His intercom SQUAWKS:VOICEMr. Massey --MILESPlease! No calls! I'm feeling very 
                         fragile.VOICEI'm sorry, Mr. Massey, but I felt 
                         certain you'd want to know -- Marylin 
                         Rexroth wants to see you.MILESMarylin Rexroth? When does she --VOICEShe's here now.INT. PRIVATE BATHROOMMiles runs his fingers through his hair, carefully examining 
               himself in the mirror. Suavely smiling.MILESMarylin! How nice.

               He clears his throat, begins again with lower pitch, suave 
               smile still in placeMILESMarylin! How lovely, uh --

               He runs a finger across his teeth, which squeak, then puts 
               back the suave smileMILES-- Marylin! What a pleasure --DOORWAYOn Miles as he opens the door, suavely smiling.MILESMarylin, what a pleas -- who the 
                         fuck are you?

               Facing him in the doorway is a large roughly handsome middle 
               aged man in a business suit.

               Just behind him is Marylin Rexroth, looking as coolly 
               beautiful as ever. She smoothly puts in:MARYLINMiles, how nice of you to see us -- 
                         may I introduce Howard D. Doyle of 
                         Doyle Oil.DOYLEI told you we know each other, baby. 
                         Mr. Massey represented my ex-brother-
                         in law. Martin Reiser?MILESOh. Right. Won't you have a seat?DOYLE(To Marylin)
                         After you, Doll.

               Marylin glides into the office. Seats herself on the couch. 
               Doyle sits next to her, one proprietary hand on her knee.MILESAnd how is Mrs. Reiser?DOYLEFew suicide attempts, little inpatient 
                         stint. Naturally, she misses her 
                         kids. Six weekends a year and 
                         alternate Yom Kippurs seemed harsh 
                         to us but -- hey -- all's fair. 
                         Anyhoo, she lives with a "nurse," 
                         takes her meds and goes to 
                         occupational therapy at a local 
                         sheltered workshop.MILESSo she's uh, flourishing?DOYLEShe makes felt wallets. Got one right 
                         here.

               Doyle pulls out a deranged piece of felt stuffed with money.

               Most of the contents slip to the floor.DOYLEYeah. I know. Leather would be more 
                         practical, but whatcha gonna do?MARYLINMiles, I know you're busy and that 
                         you charge by the hour so I'll come 
                         to the point. Howard and I are 
                         planning to marry.

               Miles is stunned.MILESMuh -- Well, uh -- Huh?DOYLEYep. My divorce just came through. 
                         Shoulda called you. Coulda cut a 
                         better deal! My wife still has health 
                         insurance and gets to see the 
                         children. But, I don't know. Guess 
                         I'm just a softie. After all Amanda 
                         and me were together for -- what -- 
                         you'd know better than me, Marylin. 
                         She was your best friend.MARYLIN(Thinks)
                         Sixteen years? Howard Jr. is fourteen 
                         and Mandy must be what -- twelve?DOYLE(To Miles)
                         Here. Got pictures.

               He removes a family photo from the felt wallet. It's of Howard 
               and two fat teenagers. Apparently the former Mrs. Doyle was 
               cut out, but an ear and part of a hairdo are sill visible in 
               the shot.MILESI... uh guess congratulations are in 
                         order.DOYLEWell -- Marylin and Rex broke up 
                         and...MARYLINHoney, I don't think this is really 
                         relevant to...DOYLE...and one day, this sweet girl calls 
                         me, asks me to lunch. Just a shoulder 
                         to cry on deal. One thing leads to 
                         another and before I know it --MARYLIN-- we realized we'd always been very 
                         attracted to one another.MILESNo!DOYLEI had no idea until after, but --

               He looks at her with predatory lust.DOYLEBaby. You are so HOT!MARYLIN(Coy)
                         Howard!

               He pulls her close to him and plants a massive kiss on her.MILESWhat a touching story.DOYLEYou know, Miles, after my wife -- 
                         wife's mastectomy -- things were 
                         never the same. This might sound 
                         cold, well, maybe not to you, Massey, 
                         but...
                              (man to man)
                         I like my women with two boobs.

               Miles flashes Marylin a "you are KIDDING" look, but she 
               assiduously avoids eye contact.MARYLINHoward and I are here, Miles, because 
                         I have learned through bitter 
                         experience that when it comes to 
                         matrimonial law, you are the very 
                         best.

               Miles acknowledges this with a curt nod.MARYLINAs you are well aware, my previous 
                         marriage ended with an unjustified 
                         strain on my reputation My motives 
                         were questioned. I was slandered in 
                         court.DOYLEYou did good, Massey!MARYLINTherefore in an effort to remove any 
                         trace of suspicion from my sweet 
                         Howard -- I wish to execute a pre-
                         nuptial agreement.DOYLEAnd -- there's no talking her out of 
                         it. Believe me, I've tried.MARYLINThey say the Massey pre-nup has never 
                         been penetrated.DOYLEShe said "penetrate." Heh heh heh.

               He gropes her. She giggles like a teenager.MILESOh, for the love of...MARYLINThat is true, isn't it Miles? Your 
                         pre-nup is the best there is?MILESThat is correct. Not to blow my own 
                         horn, but they devote an entire 
                         semester to it at Harvard Law.DOYLEHarvard? Whoa, Daddy!MILESI just want to make sure that you 
                         both --

               He eyes Marylin.MILES-- understand what you're asking for 
                         here. The Massey pre-nup provides 
                         that in the event of a dissolution 
                         of the marriage for any reason, both 
                         parties shall leave it with whatever 
                         they brought in, and earned during. 
                         No one can profit from the marriage. 
                         The pre-nup protects the wealthier 
                         party.DOYLEWell -- at the moment, that'd be me.MILESAnd without it, that party is exposed -- 
                         a sitting duck. No wriggle room.DOYLEA Wriggle Room! Maybe we should put 
                         that in the Malibu house. Screw the 
                         screening room!MILES(slightly sickened)
                         -- and we are sure...

               Eyes boring into Marylin.MILES-- we are both sure that's what we 
                         want?MARYLINAbsolutely.DOYLECourse I can't do much "wriggling" 
                         if you tie me up like that again. 
                         Massey -- this is one bad bad little 
                         girl.MARYLIN(laughing)
                         We'd better go before we get thrown 
                         out.ELEVATOR BANKMarylin and Howard wait for an elevator as Miles trots out 
               to catch them.MILESExcuse me, Mr. Doyle, if I could 
                         just borrow your charming fiancee 
                         for a moment.DOYLEWhat part?MILESI'd just like to have a word with 
                         her.DOYLEWhy not? I'm going to have her for a 
                         lifetime.

               Miles drags her to the side as Doyle checks his Sports Pager.MILESWhat are you doing?

               She backs up as he tries to close the space between them.MARYLINGetting married.MILESTo him? He's a sick freak.MARYLINHe's passionate.MILESPassionate! He's a pervert. He should 
                         have to register when he moves.MARYLINAll girls enjoy a little rough trade 
                         from time to time.MILESMarylin! Listen to me.MARYLINNo. You listen to me.
                              (Very quiet and 
                              deliberate)
                         You busted me, Miles. You left me 
                         with nothing! What did you expect me 
                         to do? Get a degree in counseling? 
                         Write a book about table linen? 
                         Because that's what wives do when 
                         they get dumped, and frankly, I'm 
                         not quite ready for that.MILESBut why him?MARYLINWe told you. We realized we've always 
                         been in love.

               He has backed her against the wall of an alcove which shelters 
               a flowering ficus.MILESThe Massey pre-nup has never been 
                         pene -- successfully challenged.MARYLINSo I hear. Is that all?MILESNo, that's not all.

               He moves to kiss her.MILESYou fascinate me.

               She deftly slides out of the way. Miles watches her as she 
               heads down the hall. As she gets on the elevator, Howard 
               grabs her butt with one hand, while giving Miles a high sign 
               with the other.INT. HOWARD'S HOUSE - NIGHTMiles stares at the chessboard.MILESDo you think I'm going to end up 
                         like Herb Myerson, with a colostomy 
                         bag instead of a family?KENNETHGot any symptoms?MILESYes. The inability to experience 
                         pleasure.KENNETHOh. That.
                              (beat)
                         Don't waste time with your queen.MILESWhat?KENNETHThe Center Counter Defense. The thing 
                         is not to move your queen too early.MILESShe can't really love that idiot, 
                         can she?KENNETHWhat?MILESMarylin Rexroth. She came into my 
                         office and signed a pre-nup with 
                         Howard Doyle.KENNETHDoyle Oil?
                              (Miles nods)
                         A Massey Pre-nup?
                              (Miles nods again)
                         She loves him.MILESHe's the wrong man.KENNETHMiles! Don't waste time with someone 
                         else's queen, either.EXT. A WEDDING BOWER - AKA CHUPPAFrom behind the bower, RABBI BOLENSKY emerges, strumming his 
               guitar and singing:BOLENSKYParsley sage, rosemary and thyme -- 
                         Remember me to one who lives there...

               A pullback reveals Howard D. Doyle before the altar with 
               Marylin. He is in a tuxedo and yarmulke. She is dressed in a 
               simple, Kennedy-type gown.BOLENSKY-- she once was a true love of mine.

               The last arpeggiated chord rings out; birds tweet, everyone 
               sits.

               As Miles and Wrigley seat themselves, Wrigley is sniffling.

               Miles is irritated.MILESWhat the hell is wrong with you?WRIGLEYI can't help it. Even with the 
                         business we're in, I -- it gets me 
                         every time. It's so -- optimistic.MILESIs she going through with it?

               As the crowd quiets with the end of the song, Wrigley murmurs:WRIGLEYIf she's not going through with it, 
                         she's cutting it awful close.RABBI BOLENSKYParsley Sage Rosemary and Thyme. 
                         Ingredients. Spices. Spicy ingredients 
                         for the banquet we call -- life. 
                         Marriage is like a Great Feast. 
                         Courtship is the Appetizer. A small 
                         mixed green taste of things to come. 
                         The Early Years -- The First Course -- 
                         a carefully poached fish dish 
                         dependent on freshness and delicate 
                         handling. Or perhaps a light pasta -- 
                         a tortellini stuffed with cheese and 
                         hope.WRIGLEY(Whispers, to Miles)
                         You have any gum or mints?RABBIThe main course -- Mature Love -- a 
                         hearty stew, cooked slowly in the 
                         oven of companionship until the meat 
                         falls off the bone. And then -- 
                         dessert. The reward for years spent 
                         together -- the sweetness of a Life 
                         Well Lived. A sorbet of grandchildren, 
                         followed by the decafe demitasse of 
                         retirement.

               There is silence, broken only by the twitter of birds and 
               the restlessness of a hungry audience.

               Finally:RABBI BOLENKSYDo you Chaim David Doyle, take Marylin 
                         to be the Barbara to your Wolfgang 
                         though the lean years as well as 
                         those that are heavily marbled?DOYLEI do.RABBI BOLENSKYAnd do you, Marylin Rexroth, take 
                         Chaim to be the roux in your bechamel? 
                         The stock in your sauce?MARYLINI do.MILESArgh.

               Heads turn. Miles bites a knuckle. Birds twitter.RABBI BOLENSKYThen, by the power vested in me by 
                         the state of California, and as the 
                         maitre'd in the Prix Fixe Four Star 
                         Restaurant of Life, I now pronounce 
                         you -- man and wife...

               A kiss. Cheers. Applause.A RECEPTION ON THE GROUNDSRabbi Bolensky strolls through the crowd with a heaping 
               platter of smoked salmon.

               Miles is darkly brooding as Wrigley opens a Tiffany box to 
               show him the contents.WRIGLEYWhat do you think?MILESWhat are they?WRIGLEYBerry spoons.MILESSpoons! Honestly Wrigley, I'm 
                         surprised at you. What is this? Some 
                         Martha Stewart suggestion? Those are 
                         the most cockamamie things I've ever --WRIGLEYMiles -- why so angry?

               Miles sounds wistful:MILESWhy couldn't we be the club sandwich?

               Ding Ding -- Howard D. is tapping a knife against his wine 
               glass. The crowd quiets.DOYLELadies and gentlemen, boys and girls: 
                         I have something to say to my bride.

               Howard D. turns to one side to address Marylin, taking one 
               of her hands between his paws, as she beams up at him.DOYLE-- Darling, like the rabbi said... 
                         life is a banquet, A Grand Bouffe, 
                         and Marylin, darling... I just want 
                         you to know that I am IN the kitchen 
                         and I CAN STAND THE HEAT!

               Laughter from the gallery.DOYLEAnd I'm going to start this marriage 
                         by EATING MY WORDS. Because the hot 
                         hors d'oerve of this love story is -- 
                         Pre-nup Primavera!

               He reaches into his breast pocket and withdraws a piece of 
               paper.DOYLECarmine! Bring on the Pesto!

               A Caterer places a plate and a bowl of sauce in front of 
               Doyle. Marylin looks on, surprised and bemused.DOYLE-- This is for you, darling.

               He starts tearing strips off the piece of paper, dipping 
               them into the sauce, and eating them. His mouth stuffed with 
               paper, Doyle repeats:DOYLE-- this is for you, Darling.

               The crowd is murmuring--the murmurs grow in volume -- a 
               smattering of applause -- cheers -- more applause -- wild 
               cheers. Slowly rhythmically, Miles starts thumping his hand 
               together, nodding comprehension.MILESBrilliant.

               Next to him Wrigley is puzzled.WRIGLEYWhy is he doing that?

               Miles' hand-clapping accelerates.MILESBrilliant. It's brilliant. He's eating 
                         the pre-nup.

               Wrigley's eyes widen. He looks back at Doyle eating the paper.DOYLEThis is for you, Darling!

               Wrigley bursts into tears.WRIGLEYThat's -- the most romantic thing 
                         I've ever seen -- in my LIFE!DOYLETHIS IS FOR YOU, DARLING!LATERMarylin stands at the punch bowl accepting congratulations.

               Miles approaches and draws her aside.MILESI'd like to offer my congratulations. 
                         That was a beautiful gesture of 
                         Howard's.MARYLINHoward is a beautiful person.MILESYes. He's a diamond in the rough. 
                         And I have a feeling that someday 
                         soon you'll be taking that diamond 
                         and leaving the rough.MARYLINMiles. Miles. Miles.MILESI am thrilled for you, but tell me 
                         this... How'd you get Howard to do 
                         it? I've addressed enough juries to 
                         appreciate the power of suggestion, 
                         but it seemed like he thought it was 
                         his own idea.MARYLINIt was his idea. It was a gesture of 
                         love and trust. Be happy for me, 
                         Miles.MILESWell, when this goes south -- promise 
                         you'll have dinner with me?MARYLIN(She holds a plate of 
                              food for him)
                         Have you tried the duck?MILESI figure a couple of months. That's 
                         how long it should take for the ink 
                         on the settlement to dry.

               He takes the plate of food from her.MARYLINIt has bones. Be sure to swallow 
                         one.MILESAlthough knowing you as I do -- there 
                         will be no settlement. This time it 
                         will be complete and total 
                         annihilation.

               With a ROAR we CUT TO:INT. LEAR JET COCKPITA uniformed pilot and copilot are cruising the corporate jet 
               high above a vast ocean of clouds. The pilot is wearing a 
               headset. After a long moment of listening he shakes his head.PILOTJesus --CO-PILOTWhat --?PILOT-- I've heard some -- I've heard 
                         some sick things -- in my --CO-PILOTWhat?!

               The pilot reaches above his head and throws a small toggle 
               switch and the cockpit is Awash with the sound of screaming, 
               laughter and music:MALE VOICEOh Casey Jones was the rounder's 
                         name, T'was on the 6:02 that he rode 
                         to fame!INT. CABIN OF LEAR JETScreaming with laughter, two naked damsels in conductor's 
               caps are pushing Rex Rexroth around the cabin on a miniature 
               locomotive. He is wearing his railroad boxers and bellowing 
               "The Ballad of Casey Jones."BACK TO THE COCKPITCO-PILOTWho is that guy?PILOTRex Rexroth, the mini-mall king. 
                         Getting to be the richest man on the 
                         West Coast, from what they say.

               The copilot shakes his head.CO-PILOTJesus.FROM THE SPEAKERHup! Come all you rounders if you 
                         wanna hear...CO-PILOTWhy're they going to Muncie?

               The pilot shrugs.PILOTHe's thinking of buying Indiana.EXTERIORWHOOOSH -- the plane roars away.INT. MILES OFFICEMILESAnd of course we shall have to 
                         litigate. Sentence. Paragraph.WIDERA secretary seated by his desk is taking notes.MILES-- Naturally the first concern for 
                         both parties is the welfare of little 
                         Wendell junior. Nevertheless, we 
                         question whether the continuing 
                         expenses for his special ed classes 
                         are truly justified given the great 
                         strides --

               Wrigley enters.WRIGLEYI'm sorry I'm late. I was having 
                         lunch with Ruth Rabinow's assistant. 
                         Guess what? Marylin Rexroth is 
                         divorced!MILES(Delighted)HA!WRIGLEY...and I hear she's richer than 
                         Croesus.MILESAh, but is she richer than Mrs. 
                         Croesus?WRIGLEYShe could buy and sell you ten times 
                         over.MILESShe deserves every penny. They pay 
                         great athletes a fortune. Well, 
                         Marylin Rexroth is an athlete at the 
                         peak of her power.

               He hits the call button.MILESGet me Marylin Rexroth Doyle.WRIGLEYWhat...?MILESShe owes me a meal.WRIGLEYI'd stay away from her, Miles.MILESI know you would, Wrigley. But would 
                         Kramer?

               We hear the Receptionist Voice:RECEPTIONISTMrs. Doyle for you.INT. FANCY RESTAURANTWe move in on one of the tables where Marylin and Miles sit 
               as a waiter pours them champagne.WAITERLe Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin, 1982.MILESThank you. I'll take care of it.

               As he fill Marylin's glass: Raises his own in a toast.MILESTo victory.MARYLINI don't feel victorious Miles. I 
                         feel betrayed, abandoned and 
                         humiliated. I have pictures of him 
                         with another woman...MILESMore pictures? My God, Marylin. You 
                         can open an erotic art gallery.MARYLINDid you invite me here to score some 
                         cheap laughs.MILESNo. Just to comfort you, and 
                         appreciate you --MARYLIN(Reproachfully)
                         You really think I engineered the 
                         whole thing. You think the marriage 
                         and the divorce was part of some 
                         scheme. You came here to celebrate 
                         because you think I'm without morality 
                         or soul. You --
                              (With difficulty)
                         sound like my mother.

               The Waiter hands Miles a menu.WAITERShould we order?MARYLINYes, I -- well, I'm not really...MILESNot hungry, huh? Neither am I.

               A long pensive moment.

               Miles reaches across the table and takes her hand. She lets 
               him. He strokes it.INT. CARMiles drives. Marylin sits silently looking out the window.DOYLE MANSIONMiles pulls up to the huge house.MARYLINThank you. And good-night.

               He takes her hand again.MILESMarylin --

               She puts a finger to his lips.

               Sadly, Miles relinquishes her hand.

               She exits the car and walks up to the front door. Miles 
               watches her go.INT. BEDROOM - MASSEY MANSIONWe hear Court TV on in the background. Miles alone in bed, 
               reading Art In America.ON THE TVA Witness is being examined by the Prosecutor:PROSECUTOR...and he asked you if...?WITNESS..if I reckon I could find someone 
                         to keel him his wife.PROSECUTORWho asked you this?WITNESSDean Leonard. Da defendant.
                              (Points to the 
                              defendant)
                         That guy!CLAP OF THUNDER -- BOLT OF LIGHTNINGIn a boiling night sky.

               There are distant, echoing wails.WOOZY DUTCH TRACKAlong a pointing suitcoated arm.SANDPAPERY VOICEEighteen hunnut billable hours. Twelve 
                         hunnut'n twenty-one motions tuh 
                         void...

               The woozy track finds the cadaverous hand at the end of the 
               arm with an IV tube swinging from it. Miles stands next to 
               the arm. He's holding an assault type weapon.SANDPAPERY VOICE...five nunnut'n sixty faw summary 
                         judgenents. A hunnut'n twenty-nine 
                         thousand four hunnut'n seventeen 
                         lunches charged...

               Miles shoots -- Bonnie falls. Then Mrs. Guttman. Marylin is 
               next. Miles hesitates.SANDPAPERY VOICECounseluh? Counseluh?

               Miles points the gun at Herb.RING. RING. RING.MILES BEDROOMHe bolts up in bed, sweating.RINGHe gazes stuporously about, reaching for the ringing phone.MILESHello?MARYLINMiles?MILESYes? Marylin?MARYLINYou're right about me. I am worthless. 
                         I am nothing. I don't deserve to 
                         live.MILESMarylin? When did I say...?MARYLINI don't blame them for betraying me. 
                         I don't blame Rex, or Howard or my 
                         father. You see, Miles, I'm going to 
                         tell you something about me. Something 
                         you may or may not know. I suck!

               We hear the SCREECH of Tires.MARYLIN(yelling at someone)
                         Screw you, asswipe!MILESMarylin? Forgive me but are you -- 
                         drunk?MARYLINA little.
                              (Scream)
                         You get out of the car. That's right, 
                         Fuctard. I'm talkin' to you!MILESYou shouldn't be driving. Where are 
                         you?MARYLINI'm on Sunset. Near the Beverly Hills 
                         hotel. Wanna meet me for a drink in 
                         the Polo...?MILESI live right near there. The 800 
                         Block of Maple. Come here. Marylin -- 
                         come here right now before -- just 
                         come here.MARYLINOkay. Should I stop at Starbucks and 
                         pick up a blended for --MILESNo. Don't stop.MARYLINOkay Miles.INT. DEN - MASSEY MANSIONMarylin sits in the den. She's had some coffee and, although 
               teary and disheveled, is no longer psychotic.MARYLINI just cried when I got home. Somehow, 
                         your disdain for me -- I'm pretty 
                         tough Miles, but I'm human. All my 
                         life people have been ascribing these 
                         terrible motives to me. I used to 
                         think they were jealous, or they 
                         didn't understand, but... I dunno. 
                         Maybe others see something in me. 
                         Something I'm not even aware of. 
                         Anyway, thank you for letting me 
                         come here. I guess I was a little 
                         drunk.

               She takes the coffee cup and has a sip. She looks like a 
               lost waif.MARYLINYou have a very nice home, Miles. 
                         Very inviting.MILESThank you.MARYLINYou have wonderful art. I love that 
                         lithograph. Hockney?MILESYes. I just got that, actually. It 
                         was a gift.MARYLINFrom a -- girlfriend.MILESNo. No. I don't have a... no. It was 
                         from a client.MARYLINNo kidding. I'll bet you have some 
                         very grateful clients. What'd Rex 
                         buy you?MILESRex sent me two humidors full of pre-
                         Castro Cubans.

               Marylin looks at a photograph Miles has on a side table.A WOMAN AND TWO SMALL BOYS.The Woman has her arm around one of them. The other stands 
               close to her. Smiling, but awkward and tentative.MARYLINIs that you?MILESMe. Yes.MARYLINOh. And that is -- mom?MILESYeah. Mom. Mom and brother.MARYLINYou look like you were a very 
                         sensitive child. You have expressive 
                         eyes.

               Miles walks over to look at the picture.MILESHmmm...MARYLINAnd your mother was very beautiful. 
                         She must be proud of you.MILESShe never particularly cared for me.MARYLINShe didn't love you?MILESNo. She loved me. She would never 
                         not love her son. She just didn't... 
                         I wasn't her "type." She said I was 
                         a very, colicky baby. You know? 
                         Difficult. Not a good sleeper? Didn't 
                         eat well? We got off to a bad start, 
                         and she never seemed to recoup --MARYLINShe held that against you?MILESApparently she was very disappointed.MARYLINBoy. Boy, oh boy.

               Marylin looks at the picture again. And yes -- you can see 
               how hesitant Miles was. Marylin is moved. A flash of something 
               genuine crosses her face.MARYLINAnd here I thought my mother was...MILESYour mother was.MARYLINOh right. You met Patricia.

               She takes a sip of coffee. Regards Miles.MARYLINWe're damaged goods.MILESNo, we're not!MARYLINWe are, Miles. You know I'm right. 
                         There's something "off" about you 
                         and me Miles. And maybe it isn't 
                         because of these women -- maybe they 
                         were just extremely insightful and 
                         recognized our "deficiencies" very 
                         early on. Maybe...MILESThat is bullshit! Mine is a bitch 
                         and yours is a psycho. I can't believe 
                         you're saying this, Marylin! There's 
                         nothing wrong with us. We're 
                         attractive and charismatic and 
                         successful and... I like us.MARYLINI'm sorry Miles. You shouldn't listen 
                         to me. I'm sure you have a very 
                         fulfilling life. I'd better go. I'm 
                         depressing.MILESNo.MARYLINThank you for the coffee. It's very 
                         robust.

               She stands. Picks up her purse. Walks over to him with an 
               outstretched hand.MARYLINFriends?MILESDon't go. Stay with me for a while.

               He doesn't release her hand. Instead he draws her to him, 
               and kisses her. She kisses him. He kisses her back. She...CUT TO:INT. BEDROOM - NIGHTMile and Marylin -- making love.LATERThey are in post coital wrap.MILESI have to say -- I'm speechless. No. 
                         I'm never speechless.MARYLINI'm a little embarrassed. I'm not 
                         used to losing control with such -- 
                         volume.MILESAnd I'm not used to -- Marylin -- 
                         there's something I want to ask you.MARYLINWhat is it Miles?MILESI want... I want to...

               She waits, puzzled.MILESI want to be your -- your wife.MARYLINHuh?MILESNo... That wasn't right. I want YOU 
                         to be MY wife.MARYLINDid you just propose to me?MILESYes. I am. What else could those 
                         words mean? I believe we belong 
                         together and we can make one another 
                         happy. And we should be happy because 
                         happiness is better than the 
                         alternative which is -- just jump in 
                         any old time, Marylin. You have more 
                         experience at this than I do.MARYLINYes.MILESYes? Yes, you do have more experience?MARYLINYes, Miles. I accept.MILESYou do?MARYLINDo you want me to sleep on it?MILESNo.MARYLINDo you want to sleep on it?MILESNo ma'am. I have been asleep all my 
                         life up to this moment. Marylin, 
                         will you marry me?MARYLINYes. Again.

               They kiss.MILESI don't have a ring!MARYLINI know.MILESI have a watch.

               She laughs. Kisses him.MARYLINI'm happy.INT. CHAPELMiles and Kenneth wait. Dressed in suits. Miles looks nervous.KENNETHI'm happy for you, pal.MILESThanks, buddy.KENNETHIs she Asian?MILESAsian? No.KENNETHWell... I'm still...

               Wrigley, rushes in, carrying a briefcase.MILESWrigley?WRIGLEYMiles.MILESKenneth this is my associate, Wrigley. 
                         Wrigley this is my friend, Dr. Beck.WRIGLEYThe plastic surgeon! I read about 
                         you in LA Style.MILESDo you have it?KENNETHI have it.MILESYou have the pre-nup?KENNETHNo. I have the ring. Was I supposed 
                         to have a pre-nup?MILESNo. You have the ring. Wrigley has 
                         the pre-nup.KENNETHOh. I thought maybe --
                              (He sees someone)
                         Gee!

               Marylin enters. She looks outstanding. Her friends, Sarah 
               Sorkin and Ramona Barcelona (who is now visibly pregnant) 
               accompany her.SARAHDr. Beck!KENNETHSarah! How are you?MILESYou know each other? Of course you 
                         do.RAMONAYou're Dr. Beck? I have an appointment 
                         to see you in March. Right after I 
                         lose the babyweight. Which of course, 
                         will be after I have the baby...MARYLINSarah Sorkin. Ramona Barcelona -- 
                         this is Miles Massey.SARAHHello Miles.RAMONACongratulations Miles.MILESHi. Hello.
                              (To Marylin)
                         Marylin. You know my young associate, 
                         Wrigley.MARYLINI do. He was at my divorce and my 
                         wedding. What would a marital related 
                         event be without Wrigley?WRIGLEYIt has become a tradition, hasn't 
                         it?MARYLINI loved the berry spoons.
                              (Wrigley beams)
                         I didn't have any. Thank you.MILESWell, Wrigley brought something else 
                         for you today, darling.

               Wrigley pulls a sheaf of papers from the briefcase.MILESThis -- is the Massey Pre-nup.

               Wrigley hastily pulls a ballpoint from his pocket and clicks 
               it. Miles grabs the pre-nup, and as he turns to Marylin, his 
               tone softens.MILESMarylin, you're welcome to examine 
                         it, but as you know -- it's iron 
                         clad.SARAHIt is. It's famous.WRIGLEYI tried to reach Ruth, but we couldn't 
                         get her.MILESWe wanted Ruth here for your 
                         protection as well --WRIGLEYThe Judge is here. Over here, Judge 
                         Munson.MARYLINWasn't she the Judge at my divorce 
                         hearing?MILESYes. Short notice you know, but I 
                         think there's nice closure to it. 
                         Hello Judge Muson. A pleasure as 
                         always.JUDGE MUNSONWhat's up with you two.MILESWe're getting married.

               Judge laughs.JUDGE MUNSONWhat's the gag?MILESA gag? No.

               Marylin looks at the pre-nup. Then pulls Miles aside.MARYLINExcuse me, Judge Muson.JUDGEYou got it, Patty.MARYLIN(To Miles)
                         You brought a pre-nup to our wedding?MILESYes.
                              (She isn't having the 
                              expected reaction)
                         It's for your protection, sweetheart. 
                         You're the one with the -- the...WRIGLEY-- the coin?MARYLINMiles. I don't want to sign this. I 
                         want this marriage to be different. 
                         Okay. Judge Munsen and Wrigley are 
                         here, but other than that...JUDGEShould I go out for a smoke?MILESNo. Judge -- just a sec. But Marylin, 
                         if we sign it, I can't hope to benefit 
                         from the marriage.MARYLIN(Sadly)
                         Oh Miles!MILESWhat I mean is, your wealth is 
                         completely protected.

               As if a lead veil had been drawn across. She looks deep into 
               his eyes. Into his soul.MARYLINMiles. Listen to me. You are about 
                         to become my husband. I don't want 
                         to be protected from you. I want to 
                         be protected for you.WRIGLEY(Moved)
                         Ohhh...MILESBut?MARYLINI want this to be a marriage based 
                         on love, trust and community property. 
                         That's all I've ever wanted.SARAHBut Marylin, without this, you're 
                         completely exposed.MARYLINI want to be exposed.RAMONAYou're vulnerable.MARYLINIt's about time.JUDGEYou're a sitting duck.MARYLIN(To Miles, with great 
                              affection)
                         Quack.INT. CHAPELMiles and Marylin stand before the alter.JUDGE MUNSONDo you, Miles Herbert Massey of Massey 
                         Meyerson take Marylin Hamilton-Rexroth-
                         Doyle?MARYLINYes.JUDGE MUNSON"Doyle", to be your lawful wedded 
                         wife to --MILESI do, yah I do, uh huh --JUDGE MUNSONLet me finish!

               She glares at Miles.JUDGE MUNSON-- Jesus! Haven't you ever been 
                         married before?

               Chastened, Miles bows his head.JUDGE MUNSON-- To have and hold, to love and to 
                         cherish, till death do you part?

               There is a long beat, through which Miles stares at his shoes.

               Marylin looks at him.MILES-- I do.JUDGE MUNSONAnd do you, Marylin Hamilton-Rexroth 
                         Doyle, take Miles Herbert Massey of 
                         Massey Meyerson, to be your lawful 
                         wedded husband, to have and to hold, 
                         to love and to cherish, till death 
                         do you part?MARYLINI do.JUDGE MUNSONI now pronounce you man and wife.

               Wrigley bursts into tears.THE MARRIED MASSEY MONTAGECUT TO:INT. MASSEY HOUSE - MORNINGMiles and Marylin asleep in bed. The ALARM RINGS. Miles wakes, 
               turns to his beautiful wife -- kisses her good morning.

               She gives him a sleepy Smile.

               Miles dressing for work. Marylin, in a Sabia Rosa bathrobe 
               places a tray with coffee next to him. He holds up two ties 
               for her-approval. She selects one. He puts it on.

               Miles and Marylin reading Newspapers while eating breakfast. 
               She serves him a bowl of fruit and indicates Wrigley's berry 
               spoons. They laugh heartily.

               Marylin waves good bye as Miles backs drives to the office. 
               She waves at the gardeners who blow palm fronds around the 
               lawn.MILES OFFICEHe has managed to fill his credenza with pictures of married 
               life. Due to its brevity -- these pictures are uneventful, 
               the Massey's wear the same outfit in most of them.

               Miles works. He is interrupted by the voice of his SECRETARY.SECRETARYI have Mrs. Massey on line one for 
                         you.

               Miles picks up.MILESMom...?

               He laughs and laughs. We hear Marylin's laughter coming 
               through the receiver.

               Miles exits a flower store with a bouquet of tulips. Marylin 
               at the doorway, greets Miles as he arrives home.

               As Miles changes into his casual after work outfit, (khakis?) 
               Marylin sits at the edge of the bed. He's telling her about 
               his day, and she is rapt with attention.

               The Massey's have a candlelit dinner of fish and pasta. The 
               tulips are in the middle of the table.

               Miles and Marylin snuggle on a couch and watch Seinfeld. 
               Miles in bed on the new Frette Linen. A few too many pillows, 
               but he's making it work. Marylin enters the bedroom in a 
               nightshirt that is the perfect combination of innocence and 
               nastiness. He puts down his book as she gets into bed with 
               him.

               They gaze at one another -- the picture of contentment and 
               impending lust.CLICK - LIGHTS OUTEXT. MASSEY MYERSON - CONFERENCE ROOM - DAYMiles is addressing the young associates.MILESFor the first time in my life, I 
                         stand before you naked... 
                         vulnerable... and in love. Love. A 
                         word matrimonial lawyers shy away 
                         from. Ironic isn't it -- that I have 
                         been frightened of this emotion which 
                         is, in a sense, the seed of my 
                         livelihood. But today, I am here to 
                         tell you: Love should cause us no 
                         fear. Love should cause us no shame. 
                         Love... is good.
                              (He lets it sink in)
                         Let me ask you a question. When our 
                         clients come to us confused, angry, 
                         hurting because their flame of love 
                         is fluttering and threatens to die -- 
                         should we seek to extinguish that 
                         flame, so that we can sift through 
                         the smoldering wreckage for our paltry 
                         reward? Or should we seek to fan 
                         this precious flame -- this most 
                         precious flame -- back to loving, 
                         roaring life?

               The young associates look confused. Wrigley raises his hand.WRIGLEYExtinguish?MILESShould we counsel fear -- or trust? 
                         Should we seek to destroy -- or to 
                         build? Should we meet our clients' 
                         problems with cynicism -- or with 
                         love?MILES(another raised hand)
                         Kramer?KRAMERBuild?MILESThe decision of course, is each of 
                         ours. For my part, I have made the 
                         leap of love, and there is no going 
                         back --

               Herb Myserson sits in the back of the room. He watches, 
               breathing heavily.INT. DEN - MASSEY HOUSEMiles and Marylin watching a cable movie crowded together on 
               the small sofa.MARYLINI'm sorry. I'm squishing you. I'll 
                         move to the...MILESNo. Stay. I want you close to me. 
                         This couch is wrong. It's not a 
                         "married couch."

               He surveys his surroundings with a critical eye.MARYLINHoney, I could sit...MILESIn fact, this is not a married house -- 
                         it's a bachelor pad.MARYLINHardly. You have six bedroomsMILESI know. But I've converted most of 
                         them into ridiculous "Guy" rooms -- 
                         a billiard room, a card room, a gym -- 
                         Honey, want you to go out, as soon 
                         as you feel up to it -- and buy 
                         married things. Woman things. 
                         Personalize it. Marylinize it. Make 
                         this your house.

               He hands her a credit card.MILESHere's my card. Spend as much as you 
                         want. We get mileage.MARYLINWell, I suppose I could "girly" it 
                         up for you with a little Fortuny, 
                         and some passementerie --MILESGood.
                              (Beat)
                         Are those foods?MARYLINFabric and fringe.MILESExactly. And then -- maybe -- not 
                         right away -- There's a room right 
                         off the bedroom -- It would be perfect 
                         for a nursery.
                              (He takes her hands)
                         It's a walk in humidor right now -- 
                         but if I took out the refrigeration 
                         unit --MARYLINMiles.MILESI think a nursery should be right 
                         off the master suite. My parents put 
                         mine in the guest house. Apparently 
                         they did have a Fisher Price intercom, 
                         but my mother turned it off when I 
                         was seven months old because I was 
                         so --

               She stops him with a kiss.MILESYou want children, don't you?INT. QUATRAIN ANTIQUES - DAYA pricey antique store near Melrose.RAMONAYou said 'yes' didn't you?MARYLINI said yes.

               She picks up an antique Chinese bowl.MARYLINIs this Ming?SARAHIt's not Ming. It's Tong.RAMONAIs Tong older than Ming?MARYLINI think Ming is older than Tong.
                              (To the Salesman 
                              hovering nearby)
                         What is this?SALESMANThat is a Chinese Prayer Bowl. It's 
                         Chen dynasty.MARYLINOk. I'll take it.

               He sets it aside next to the formidable pile of loot the 
               girls have accumulated.MARYLINI can't do this anymore. Let's get 
                         some lunch.SARAHWhat about rugs? I thought we were 
                         stopping at Mansour?MARYLINRight.SALESMAN(To Marylin)
                         And will this be check or --?

               She hands him the Platinum Visa.SALESMAN(Glances at it)
                         Very good, Mrs. Massey.

               He trots off with the card.

               Marylin absently fingers an antique guided candelabra.MARYLIN(Sigh)
                         Well. He said to "make the house 
                         mine."RAMONAOh boy. If he only knew.MARYLINYeah. I guess. You know --SARAHWhat?MARYLINHe's not what I expected. He's very -- 
                         he's so -- happy.SARAHBut you're going through with it?MARYLINYes, yes, it's just -- you know I've 
                         never been the first wife. Rex was 
                         married before me.SARAHSo what?MARYLINMiles is different. He's still so 
                         idealistic.SARAHWell, that's about to change big 
                         time.MARYLINHe has no cynicism or anger. For 
                         once I'm not the repository of rage 
                         at some other woman.SARAHSoon, you'll have your own rage!MARYLINI guess.INT. FLOWER STORE - EVENINGMiles is buying a huge bouquet of flowers. As he exits he is 
               stopped by a WOMAN. She is in her 40's but looks older.WOMANWait. I know you.MILESYes?WOMANYou're Miles Massey! You probably 
                         don't recognize me. The drugs made 
                         me put on weight and grow facial 
                         hair.MILESExcuse me?WOMANYou ruined my life you sonofabitch. 
                         Gimme those.

               She grabs the flowers. Pulls petal off one of the roses and 
               eats it.WOMANBut my brother got you. He got you, 
                         you slimeball.

               A NURSE runs over.NURSEEmily!MILESWhat are you...
                              (To the nurse)
                         Is she yours?WOMANHoward Doyle is my brother? You know 
                         my brother, Howard Doyle. You do 
                         know my brother, don't you?NURSEI'm sorry, Sir. Emily. Give the man 
                         back.MILESYes, I know Howard Doyle.WOMANHe tricked you. With a phony wife 
                         and a fake pre-nup. Howard Doyle. He 
                         got you. You married Marylin, didn't 
                         you? You thought she had money. HA 
                         HA HA. Howard Doyle made you think 
                         that because of what you did to me. 
                         And to Marylin Rexroth. Yeah. I heard 
                         all about it. My brother Howard Doyle 
                         got you.
                              (singsong)
                         Neener neener neener.INT. RUTH RABINOW'S OFFICERuth calmly watches Miles ranting around her office.MILESHe divorced his wife -- he married 
                         Marylin -- he divorced Marylin -- 
                         and he -- remarried his WIFE? What 
                         kind of sick --RUTHMarylin was friends with Howard and 
                         Amanda Doyle. They don't like the 
                         way you operate. They helped her.MILESHe never ate the pre-nup, did he!RUTHI have no idea what Howard Doyle 
                         eats. I'm not a damn dietician.MILESDid Marylin end up with money?RUTHShe's YOUR wife. Why don't you ask 
                         her? Anyway, I assume she signed the 
                         highly over rated Massey pre-nup.MILESI don't have a pre-nup

               Miles hangs his head. Ruth sighs sympathetically.RUTH...The fault, dear Brutus, is not in 
                         our stars...MILESDon't give me that crap. That's MY 
                         crap.RUTHAnd it's good!MILESI'll have you suspended. I'll have 
                         you disbarred.RUTHDon't threaten me, Miles. I did 
                         nothing illegal.MILES...why did she do it, Ruth? Why?RUTHThat's attorney client privilege.
                              (As she goes back 
                              into her work)
                         Sorry, Miles. But as a great and 
                         clever man once said, What's good 
                         for the goose --INT. MASSEY HOUSE - NIGHTMarylin greets him at the door.MARYLINHi.MILESHello Marylin.MARYLINI have a surprise for you.MILESI bet.

               She brings him inside. The place has been massively 
               accessorized. Antiques, rugs, lamps and assorted tasteful 
               chatchkies. There is a new Biedermeyer couch in the den.MARYLINTa Da.

               Miles looks at it, expressionless.MARYLINYou don't like it?

               He stares at her -- a very dark look.MARYLINYou don't like me?MILES(Flatly)
                         I love you. I want to have your baby.MARYLINWhat's wrong Miles? Did I spend too 
                         much?

               She retrieves all the receipts from her purse.MARYLINMiles. I have a very good relationship 
                         with all the salesmen. I can return 
                         everything.MILESCan you Marylin? Can you return the 
                         trust? Can you return the hopes? The 
                         dreams? Can you just...
                              (Bitterly)SEND IT ALL BACK FOR STORE CREDIT?MARYLINMiles? You're scaring me.MILES(Pulls himself together)
                         I'm sorry, Darling. I love it. It's 
                         chic and timeless and elegant and 
                         eclectic and. It's you, Marylin. It 
                         is YOU.INT. KITCHENMarylin is on the phone with Ruth.MARYLINBut Ruth -- things have changed -- 
                         yes -- yes I understand. But you see -- 
                         I couldn't file, did I? And maybe I 
                         wasn't going to file. Maybe -- maybe 
                         Ruth -- Yes. Okay.OUTSIDE BEDROOM - MASSEY HOUSE - NIGHTThe bedroom door is closed. Marylin knocks repeatedly.MARYLINMiles? Open the door, Miles. Please 
                         open the door. I want to talk to 
                         you. Miles? I'm coming in. Here I 
                         come.

               She pushes the door open. No Miles in sight. On the bed, 
               scrawled on a piece of mMm stationery, taped to one of the 
               mMm Frette pillows -- a note which reads -- "If you prick 
               us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If 
               you poison us, do we not die? AND IF YOU WRONG US SHALL WENOT REVENGE?"INT. KENNETH'S HOUSEKenneth stares at the chessboard. Court TV is on the 
               background.TV SCREENCOURT TV REPORTERWe are back at the Trial of New Jersey v. Medrano. Mr. Medrano 
               is accused of killing his wife, Alicia in 1992. He claims it 
               was suicide. Let's return to the courtroom.

               See the action in the courtroom --

               The Prosecutor shows the jury an extremely large handgun.PROSECUTORHow far would this gun have to be in 
                         order to inflict a wound without 
                         leaving powder burns on the scalp.EXPERT WITNESSApproximately three feet.PROSECUTORAnd how could Mrs. Medrano shoot 
                         herself in the back of the head from 
                         a distance of three feet?KENNETHReally long arms?

               He moves a piece.MILESThey won't get a conviction. The 
                         husband called it in as a suicide. 
                         The forensic guys weren't thinking 
                         murder. I'm sure some of the evidence 
                         was compromised.KENNETHIt's your move, Miles.MILES(Sadly)
                         I already made my move, Kenneth.INT. MASSEY HOUSEA private yoga class. Marylin, Sarah and Ramona are in the 
               plow position. The yuppie Sikh instructor places his weight 
               on Sarah.SARAHVishu! Knock it off. That hurts.VISHNUBreathe through it.

               Sarah tries a few deep breaths. Marylin concentrates hard.VISHNUThat's good, Marylin.MARYLINI don't even know where he is. He 
                         looked so devastated. If I could 
                         just talk to him for a few minutes.SFX DOORBELLMARYLINWas that the bell?RAMONAIt sounded like a bell.MARYLINI'll be right back.INT. HALLWAY - MASSEY HOUSEMarylin walks to the door. Opens it. Two POLICE OFFICERS.MARYLINYes? Can I help you?POLICE OFFICERMarylin Hamilton Rexroth Doyle Massey?MARYLINYes.POLICE OFFICERWe have a warrant for your arrest.MARYLINWhat?INT. POLICE STATION - MONTAGE - DAYMarylin is photographed front and profile. She is finger 
               printed; she is searched and relieved of her jewelry; and 
               finally, she is throw into a holding tank with several other 
               women -- trapped. She clings despondently to the bars.INT. POLICE STATION - DAYRuth is admitted to the holding area.INT. HOLDING TANK - DAYA Police Officer walks down the hall. Unlocks the door.POLICE OFFICERYou can go now, Mrs. Massey. Someone 
                         made bail.

               Marylin exits.INT. RUTH'S CARMarylin sits next to Ruth.MARYLINForgery and Fraud?RUTHYou used his credit card.MARYLINHe told me to -- he said he wanted 
                         me to --RUTHQuite a little shopping spree. How 
                         do you spend six figures in less 
                         than six hours? Oh, never mind I've 
                         seen it before. I've seen everything.MARYLINDo you think he set me up? Do you 
                         think that was his intention?RUTHLike I know his intention? Or yours 
                         for that matter?
                              (Sighs)
                         I should join Sam. I'm too old for 
                         this bullshit.MARYLINHe never even asked. He just assumed --RUTHHe was right, wasn't he?MARYLINSo. Now what?RUTHNow? Well, Marylin, now you cut a 
                         deal or find out how Jean Harris 
                         made it work for her.INT. MASSEY HOUSE - DAYMiles opens the door. Marylin is standing there.MILESWell. Well. Well. Look who made bail!MARYLINMay I come in?MILESI don't know. Maybe I should grab my 
                         mace. I'm a civil attorney. I have 
                         little experience with "the criminal 
                         mind."MARYLINI'd just like to pick up a few of my 
                         thingsMILESI don't believe you have "things."MARYLINOn the contrary. We're married and 
                         we have no pre-nup, so a case could 
                         be made that everything in here is 
                         mine.

               Marylin walks into the den. Sits on the new sofa.MARYLINComfy!MILESWhat do you want?MARYLINI want to nail you ass.MILESAre you threatening me, because I'm 
                         sure that's a violation of the terms 
                         of your bail.MARYLINI'm reporting you to the IRS.MILESThe IRS? They owe me. I'm expecting 
                         a refund.

               He laughs. She looks at him, dead serious.MILESI'm clean with the IRS. I've reported 
                         every dollar I've ever made. Try 
                         again, girlfriend.MARYLINI'm not talking about dollars, 
                         studmuffin. I'm talking about --

               She opens a humidor and takes out a Cigar.MARYLINSTUFF.(Chomping on the Cigar)
                         Got a light?MILESWhat kind of "stuff?"

               She reaches into her purse. Pulls out a Dunhill and expertly 
               lights the cigar.MARYLINArty Farty stuff.
                              (Pointing to the 
                              Hockney)
                         Lithographs and pre Castro Cubans. 
                         Watches and mileage on private jets. 
                         Stuff, Miles. Stuff you get from 
                         grateful clients.MILESThose are gifts.MARYLINSalary. Unreported income.
                              (Glancing at his watch)
                         By the way, what time IS it on 
                         Bellagio Road?MILESYou can't prove anything.MARYLINI don't have to. That's what the IRS 
                         guys do. And they do it with great 
                         zeal. See, they work at these tortuous 
                         civil service jobs, and when five 
                         hundred dollar an hour boys like you 
                         take their trade out in luxury 
                         goodies, these saps feel.. well, 
                         they feel like saps. And they feel 
                         bitter and they feel vengeful and 
                         they feel WRATH.
                              (Puffing on the cigar)
                         What is this? A Romeo and Julieta?MILESYou're out of your league, Marylin. 
                         Rexroth was a primate. I'm a 
                         professional.MARYLINI know. So am I, right? And so is 
                         Agent Wilson of the Internal Revenue 
                         Service. He's a dedicated, underpaid 
                         graduate of Southwestern University -- 
                         very tenacious, and never more so 
                         than when he's dealing with an 
                         unscrupulous colleague.
                              (She stands to leave)
                         I think it's only fair to warn you: 
                         I'm going to file an action, Miles. 
                         And after a decent interval I plan 
                         to have Ruth seek an injunction that 
                         will forbid your approach within 500 
                         feet of my house.MILESMeaning my house.MARYLINI believe the residence will be part 
                         of the settlement.MILESDid our marriage ever mean anything 
                         to you?MARYLINDrop the bogus forgery charge and 
                         I'll forget about your generous 
                         friends slash clients.MILESThat's blackmail.MARYLINThat's marriage.

               She gives him a peck on the cheek. As she leaves:MARYLINYou'll always be my favorite husband.

               Miles sits dejectedly on the new sofa looking at the 
               paintings. He looks at the watch. And the cigars. And the 
               picture of his mother.MILESPity you can't be here. You'd enjoy 
                         this.CLOSE ON A BAG OF FLUIDSWe pull back from the milky yellowish bag of fluid to show 
               that a nurse is unhooking and removing it from under Herb 
               Meyerson's wheelchair where it collects drainage.

               She now places it up on the IV gantry and connects, and swaps 
               the now empty drip under the wheelchair to collect drainage. 
               We are once again in Herb Meyerson's gloomy office, its 
               venetians blocking most of the light and making Herb a dark, 
               enigmatic figure.HERBThis woman has humbled, shamed and 
                         disgrazed the entire foim.

               A reverse shows Miles standing in front of Herb's desk.MILESYes Herb,HERBCounseluh, this foim deals in powuh. 
                         This foim deals in p'seption. This 
                         foim cannot prospuh... nor long 
                         endowwa. if it is p'seeved as dancin' 
                         to the music..

               He waves his free arm to the beat of music unheard.HERB-- of the hoidy-goidy.MILESI understand Herb... I just... for 
                         the first time in my career -- I 
                         don't know what to do. I'm a patsy. 
                         A sitting duck. I'm lost.HERBLost! I'll tell you what you can do, 
                         you can --

               He brings himself up short and turns to the nurse.HERB-- leave us.

               She heads for the door.HERB-- You can act like a man. Let me 
                         tell you sumpn, smart guy. You tawt 
                         you had it all figgud out. Trust. 
                         Marriage. All ya goddamn love love 
                         love. Well now you lissean me. I'm 
                         gonna talk to you about the goddamnLAW.He climbs unsteadily to his feet and tries to pace, 
               gesticulating, with the IV swaying dangerously behind him.HERB-- We SOIVE THE LAW! We HONUH the 
                         law! We make our goddamn bread and 
                         BUTTUH by the law! And sometimes, 
                         counseluh, we OBEY THE LAW --

               He pauses to let this sink in.HERB-- but conseluh -- This is not one a 
                         those times.INT. BEDROOM - MASSEY HOUSEMiles is in bed, morosely watching Court TV.TV SCREENClose on NIKKI ROSEN - A COURT TV ANCHORNIKKIWe are interrupting our scheduled 
                         weekend coverage because we have 
                         just received word there is a verdict 
                         in the Kentucky v Leonard Case. We 
                         now join the case -- live.THE COURTROOMBAILIFF(Reads)
                         Of the charges of murder in the first 
                         degree, we the jury find the defendant -- 
                         not guilty.THE STUDIONikki speaks to her Guest Host.NIKKIHe got away with it.GUESTSimpson started a trend.CUT TO:CLOSE ONAn edgy looking gangster, JOE. He is perspiring heavily. He 
               breathes through his mouth with the rasping wheeze of an 
               asthmatic.

               His labored breath rattles as he stares across the table at 
               someone off. At length, a voice:VOICE...Are you Joe?

               Still staring, but perhaps by way of answer, the gangster 
               raises an inhaler, sticks it in his mouth, and squeezes.WHUSH.GANGSTER...Dumbarton?

               A reverse shows Miles seated across a small round table in a 
               seedy low-lit clam house. Photos of Ted Kennedy and the Pope 
               adorn the walls..MILESI am here representing Mr. Dumbarton, 
                         on a... matter of some delicacy.GANGSTERWho's the pigeon?MILESExcuse me?GANGSTERWho do you want me to kill?MILESWell -- I, uh, that is to say Mr. 
                         Dumbarton -- would like you to uh, 
                         neutralize a, uh, business associate 
                         by the name of Marylin Rexroth Doyle 
                         Massey uh Dumbart -- uh, Massey.GANGSTERIs that... one person?MILESHere's her picture...

               He is shoving an envelope across the table.MILES...and the address where she's 
                         staying. It's the residence of a Mr. 
                         Massey. Uh, Dumbarton. Massey. Uh, 
                         it's not Mr. Dumbarton's house. Though 
                         he's not involved. And because of an 
                         impending legal action this needs to 
                         happen within a certain... time frame. 
                         Uh... on an expedited basis.

               The gangster stares expressionlessly. He raises the inhaler 
               again and, with his eyes still on Miles, squeezes. WHUSH.GANGSTERYou're in a rush.MILESMr. Dumbarton is, yes.

               A long beat. Finally, Miles explodesMILESShe won't suffer, will she?

               He bites a knuckle, gazing fearfully at the gangster. The 
               gangster stares impassively back.GANGSTER...not unless you pay extra.INT. REX REXROTH MANSIONAn enormous oak paneled room. Furnished with chairs sofas 
               and a huge circular bed. A fire roars in the far corner. On 
               the wall above the bed a film loop is being projected -- 
               soft core pornographic images.

               On the bed, Rex is surrounded by three naked beauties, smeared 
               in cola dust and wearing conductor caps.REXI've been working on the railroad --TARTSAll the livelong day!REXI've been working on the railroadTARTSJust to pass the time away!REXCan'tcha hear the whistle... the 
                         whistle... AWWWWWWW.

               Rex hunches over, clutching his left arm.

               One by one, the girls stop dancing and stare. There is a 
               somber silence, broken by another.REXAwwwwwww --

               The girls are all watching now. One of them steps forward.TART-- Whatsa matter, Rexie?INT. KENNETH'S HOUSEA guest room. Dark, dirty and filled with empty bottles of 
               expensive French wine.

               We hear a phone ringing in a different room. It rings several 
               times.

               The figure on the bed stirs, rolls over, moans, clamps a 
               pillow over his head.

               The ring of the distant telephone is interrupted and we hear 
               a muffled voice:VOICEHello. Yes, he's here. Just a minute --

               We hear approaching footsteps and Kenneth enters the 
               background, knotting a bathrobe. He turns on the light in 
               the room.KENNETHMiles. It's for you.

               The figure on the couch pulls away the pillow. It is indeed 
               Miles Massey. He blearily takes the offered phone.MILESHello. Yes -- what?! Yes -- I see --

               After another listening beat he drops the phone away. He 
               remains staring dully out into space.MILESMy God.KENNETHWhat?MILESThat was Marvin Untermeyer.KENNETHYes?MILESHe was Rex Rexroth's personal 
                         attorney.KENNETHWhat do you mean, was.MILESRex just had a massive coronary. In 
                         the middle of a business meeting. 
                         He's dead.

               Kenneth is mildly puzzled.KENNETHI'm sorry to hear that. But you 
                         weren't close, were you?MILESMarvin says that Rex's will is four 
                         years old. He never redrafted it.KENNETHYes.

               Miles voice is still flat, expressionless:MILESEverything goes to Marylin.

               He looks up a at Kenneth.MILESShe's rich. We're still married. We 
                         have no pre-nup.KENNETHSo, that's good, right?MINUTES LATERMiles paces with the telephone. He punches numbers with the 
               thumb of the hand holding the phone; his other hand holds a 
               coffee cup from which he takes trembling slurps.VOICEThis is Joe. Wuddya need?

               Then a beep.MILESJoe. This is Mr. uh... friend of -- 
                         we met. This is to instruct you it's 
                         No Go! Do you understand me?! NO GO 
                         on Marylin Rexroth Doyle -- No Go.

               He slams down the phone.KENNETHWho was that?MILESThat was -- oh, shit. What if he's 
                         on his way over there?KENNETHHuh?

               Consumed with remorse, Miles moans.MILESMarylin! What have I done?KENNETHI don't know, but don't call me 
                         Marylin.MILES CARMiles drives, speeding, taking corners hard while punching 
               numbers into his car phone.MILESGet her out, buy some time; get her 
                         out --INT. MASSEY MANSION - NIGHTIn the bedroom, the phone starts ringing. A hand enters to 
               pick it up. We follow the hand up to revealMARYLINHello?MILES SPEEDING CARMILESMarylin?MARYLINMiles? Miles! Where have you been? 
                         I've been trying to get in touch.MILESYou have to leave the house 
                         immediately!MARYLINI will, Miles. I will leave. But 
                         Miles --MILESNo buts. Now. Out.MARYLINJust listen to me. I'm sorry, Miles. 
                         It's true that my initial intention 
                         was to...MILESPlease! Leave the house.MARYLINI fell in love Miles.MILESSo did I. Now pack up a few basics 
                         and --MARYLINYou do? You do love me?MASSEY MANSIONMarylin hangs up the phone.

               She walks slowly around the room, pausing at the mantelpiece 
               to pick up a framed picture of Miles, which she 
               contemplatively regards.

               We pan with her continued walk to bring Joe into frame. He 
               stands with his back pressed to the wall. She's started for 
               a moment, but quickly recoups:MARYLINWhoever sent you, I'll pay double.JOEMr. Dumbarton.

               She shows him the picture of Miles.MARYLINIs this Mr. Dumbarton?JOENo...

               She cocks an eye at him.JOEThat's his lawyer.MARYLINTriple!JOEWho's the pigeon?

               We faintly hear a car screeching to a halt.EXT. MASSEY MANSIONMassey exits the car. He clutches a can of mace.INT. MANSIONWe hear a key scrape in the lock. The front door swings open 
               onto a dark foyer as Miles tiptoes in.MILES(Whispers)
                         Marylin?DINING ROOMMiles tiptoes through, looking warily about. He backs through 
               the swinging doors connecting to the kitchen. Finds himself 
               face to face with Joe.MILESJoe! Thank God you're in time. You're 
                         not in time. I'm in time. Thank God 
                         I'm in time.

               Joe stares at him.MILESIt's a no go! Get it? No one any the 
                         wiser. Okay!

               He makes a cow-herding motion with his hands.MILESYou can go home now! Goodbye! Thanks 
                         so much!

               Joe takes out his gun.MILESNo no! No contract! It's all over.

               This has no effect on Joe who is unscrewing his silencer.

               Miles is exasperated. Suddenly -- Marylin appears.MARYLINIt's a no go, Joe.MILESMarylin!MARYLINIt's okay Joe.

               Joe glances at both of them with barely concealed contempt.MILESWait! He works for YOU?MARYLINNow. But first, he worked for you.MILESYou were going to have this thug...?MARYLINWait just a second there. You sent 
                         him here. You unearthed this 
                         pestilence.JOEYou're calling me a pestilence? That's 
                         a hoot!MARYLIN(To Joe)
                         I'm sorry. That was unkind and -- 
                         but, we changed our minds.
                              (To Miles)
                         Did you really mean what you said on 
                         the phone. It wasn't because you 
                         found out about Rex?MILESNonono. Marylin -- I'm your husband. 
                         I'd be entitled to Rex's money. No 
                         matter what happened to you.MARYLINThat's true.JOELemme tell you something. You are 
                         the pestilence. I'm the exterminator.MARYLINOh Joe, be happy for us. I'll pay 
                         you the twenty thousand.MILESIt was fifty for you.JOE(To Miles)
                         That's cause you're a lawyer. I gave 
                         her the lawyer discount.
                              (Looks at Marylin)
                         But I shouldn't of. Cause you're a 
                         whore. A whore who worships the 
                         dollar.MARYLINWell, actually, all whores worship 
                         the dollar, if you want to get 
                         technical.JOEShut up. I was a lawyer. Just like 
                         you. And my clients? Whores just 
                         like you.MILESWere you with a firm?JOEKaplan.MILESKaplan? I know Kaplan. Wait. You're 
                         Joe Gittelson? I knew you looked -- 
                         You were great -- we studied you.JOETwenty years in "matrimonial law" 
                         and it made me sick.
                              (He wheezes)
                         I broke up homes and families, never 
                         givin' it a second thought. Till one 
                         day. I had an epiphany. You know 
                         what that is?
                              (They nod)
                         Came with a damn stigmata if you can 
                         believe that! I said to myself -- 
                         Joe -- everyone you see wants blood. 
                         Everyone wants their ex's dead. So 
                         why jerk around with rest. You wanna 
                         best serve your clients? Kill em.

               Joe is raising the gun at Miles. Miles sprays him with Mace.

               BANG -- Joe fires blindly, scrunching his eyes against the 
               chemical, sucking for breath like a jet engine revving for a 
               take-off.

               SLAM -- Marylin elbows him in the face, breaking his nose. 
               She finishes with a solid groin kick. It slows him down, but 
               doesn't stop him.

               Joe stumbles a bit, but regains his footing.

               BANG -- Joe is rampaging around the room, still firing, 
               thumping at his chest with his free hand for his inhaler. 
               Marylin runs to Miles. He takes her hand and they run toward 
               the door, seeking egress.

               BANG -- still firing, he pulls out the inhaler but blindly 
               bobbles it.

               Joe reaches with his gun hand to keep the inhaler from 
               falling. He momentarily bobbles both gun and inhaler.

               Miles pops up in front of him.MILESMarylin. Run. I'll distract him.MARYLINI'm not leaving you. I took self 
                         defense

               Joe recovers and raises the gun to his mouth as he points 
               the inhaler at Miles.

               He squeezes -- WHUSH -- Miles squints against the asthma 
               mist and lets out a horrified:MILESJoe!

               BANG! The off-screen gunshot is followed by the sound of a 
               body dropping heavily to the floor.

               Silence.

               Marylin runs over to Miles. They look sadly down at the floor.MILESWE told him it was no go...INT. MASSEY MYERSON CONFERENCE ROOM - DAYWrigley sits bouncing the steepled fingers of one hand against 
               the other.

               Miles sits gazing sadly out the window.

               The room is empty.

               There is the whir of ventilation.

               The click of the door attracts both their attention and brings 
               them to their feet.

               Marylin walks in, chic and beautiful as ever, followed by 
               Ruth, who sits next to her, places her attach� case on the 
               table top, and snaps its clasps.RUTHAlright.WRIGLEYRuth.

               Miles and Marylin are looking at each other. Quietly:MILESHello Marylin.MARYLINHello Miles.MILESHard to believe this is the way it 
                         will end up for us.MARYLINIt's not something I wanted either.MILESBut then -- I guess -- something 
                         inside me died when I realized that 
                         you'd hired a goon to kill me.MARYLINYes. I know. It's exactly how I felt 
                         when I realized you'd hired the goon 
                         to kill...RUTHNow you both wait a minute. Nobody 
                         hired anyone to kill anyone.WRIGLEYHear, hear.

               There is an uncomfortable shifting in seats. Wrigley looks 
               at Miles.WRIGLEYApparently, from what I can gather, 
                         a burglar broke into your house -- 
                         became despondent over his lifestyle 
                         and shot himself.

               Miles is still looking at Marylin.MILESWhere does that leave us?RUTHWe've outlined a settlement...

               She pushes a piece of paper across the table.RUTHWe think it's more than generous.

               Miles ignores the paper, which lies unclaimed on the middle 
               of the table. He looks at Marylin.WRIGLEYMy client is prepared to consider a 
                         reconciliation.

               Marylin looks a Miles.MARYLINHow could I trust you, after... after 
                         all of this.

               Miles, staring at Marylin, cuts in:MILESYou wounded me first, Marylin.MARYLINYour forgetting Rex Rexroth?MILESYou're forgetting Howard Doyle?MARYLINForgery? Fraud?MILESIncome tax evasion?MARYLINMurder?MILESMurder!MARYLINI don't see how we can ever find our 
                         way back from...

               Miles, with his eyes still on Marylin, reaches into his suit 
               coat. He withdraws a piece of paper, spreads it flat on the 
               table in front of him and, still gazing at her:MILESYou know... there's nothing in the 
                         Massey pre-nup that says it can't be 
                         executed after the parties wed.

               He decisively clicks the button on a ballpoint pen, looks 
               down at the paper in front of him and scribbles his name.

               He pushes the paper across the table toward Marylin.

               Gazing at him, seeking the truth in his eyes, she absently 
               picks up the paper.

               There is a long silence. We hear only the hum of ventilation, 
               and Wrigley's quiet snuffling.

               Ruth is looking down her nose through her glasses -- over 
               Marylin's shoulder -- at the sheet of paper. Marylin however, 
               looks only at Miles.RUTHIt's the Massey pre-nup --

               Marylin rips the paper in half.RUTH(bored)
                         O-kay. I'm going back to the office

               Wrigley sobs openly.RUTHCome on Wrigley, I'll buy you a drink 
                         and an anti depressant.WRIGLEYNo one will ever love me that way.RUTHNot if you're lucky. No.

               Miles rises slowly to his feet.

               He puts his knuckles on the tabletop and leans forward.

               Marylin rises slowly to her feet.

               She leans forward.

               They kiss.MILESLet's go home.EXT. MASSEY HOUSE - DAYWe hear a SMASHING -- BREAKING.

               Gardeners look up briefly from the leaf blowing -- but quickly 
               prioritize and continue blasting sycamore leaves from one 
               end of the yard to the other.TRACK THROUGH HOUSE TOINT. MASSEY BEDROOMThe smashing is becoming louder.AN AXEBreaks the beautiful wood panelling in the room next to the 
               master suite.MILESWait. Just wait for one minute. Sweet 
                         Jesus, are you crazy?CONSTRUCTION WORKER LOOKS UPhe's the one wielding the axe. His co-worker casts a look in 
               our direction.MILESreaches under the rubble and removes one box of Cohiba 
               Especials.CONSTRUCTION WORKERSorry, Mr. Massey. Thought you cleared 
                         that shit out.CONSTRUCTION WORKER #2You know, man... those things'll 
                         kill ya. I know all you old boomer 
                         potheads like em. They're illegal, 
                         and you get to put em in fancy boxes -- 
                         but -- shit man! It's still tobacco.ON MARYLINMightily pregnant.MARYLINYou know, sweets, he's right.

               Miles casts a rueful look at the cigars.MILESPre-Castro.MARYLINFine. They were created during a 
                         dictatorship.
                              (Placing a protective 
                              hand on her BIG belly)
                         What if something happened to you? 
                         What would I tell little Gus when he 
                         asked "what was my daddy like?"

               Miles looks at the box, then at his wife. He tosses the box 
               to the concerned construction worker.MILESHere, buddy. These are for you.

               The construction worker gives him a very hostile look.CONSTRUCTION WORKER(Mumbles)
                         Great. Now I can die.MILESWell. You'd say "they devoted a whole 
                         semester at Harvard to your Dad. But 
                         your Mom was the one that ever only 
                         nailed his ass."MARYLINSweet.MILESI thought so.FADE OUT:THE END