Interview with the VampireInterview with the Vampire

	Screenplay by			Anne Rice

	Produced by			Stephen Woolley
					David Geffen

	Directed by			Neil Jordan



	Cast List:

	Tom Cruise			Lestat de Lioncourt
	Brad Pitt			Louis Pointe du Lac
	Antonio Banderas		Armand
	Stephen Rea			Santiago
	Christian Slater		Daniel Malloy
	Kirsten Dunst			ClaudiaFADE IN:INT. ROOM - NIGHT (SAN FRANCISCO)A small bare room, illuminated only by the streetlight
	coming through the window.

	A hand presses a cassette into a recorder and fiddles
	with a small microphone.

	Malloy sits over a table fiddling with the tape. He is
	young, half-shaven, dressed in T-shirt and jeans. He
	looks too -

	LOUIS, who stands by the window, looking out on the
	street, with his back to Malloy. Louis is dressed in an
	old-fashioned suit.LOUISSo you want me to tell you the
		story of my life...MALLOYThat's what I do. I interview
		people. I collect lives. F.M.
		radio. F.F.R.C. I just interviewed
		a genuine hero, a cop who -LOUIS(quietly interrupting)
		You'd have to have a lot of tape
		for my story. I've had a very
		unusual life.MALLOYSo much the better. I've got a
		pocket full of tapes.LOUISYou followed me here, didn't you?MALLOYSaw you in the street outside. You
		seemed interesting. Is this where
		you live?LOUISIt's just a room...MALLOYSo shall we begin?
			(playfully, almost
			teasing)
		What do you do?LOUISI'm a vampire.

	Malloy laughs.MALLOYSee? I knew you were interesting.
		You mean this literally, I take it?LOUISAbsolutely. I was watching you
		watching me. I was waiting for you
		in that alleyway. And then you
		began to speak.MALLOYWell, what a lucky break for me.LOUISPerhaps lucky for both of us.

	Still in shadow he turns from the window and approaches
	the table.LOUISI'll tell you my story. All of it.
		I'd like to do that very much.

	Malloy is uneasy as he studies the shadowy figure,
	fascinated but afraid.MALLOYYou were going to kill me? Drink my
		blood?LOUISYes but you needn't worry about
		that now. Things change.

	Louis stands opposite, hand on the chair. Malloy is
	riveted.MALLOYYou believe this, don't you? That
		you're a vampire? You really
		think...LOUISWe can't begin this way. Let me
		turn on the light.MALLOYBut I thought vampires didn't like
		the light.LOUISWe love it. I only wanted to
		prepare you.

	Louis pulls the chord of the overhead naked light bulb.LOUIS' FACEAppears inhumanly white, eyes glittering. Inhuman or
	not alive. the effect is subtle, beautiful and ghastly.MALLOYGood God!

	He struggles to suppress fear and understand.LOUISDon't be frightened. I want this
		opportunity.

	The light appears to go out by itself and suddenly
	Louis is in the chair, dimly lit by the street-light
	from the window. The cassette is turning.MALLOYHow did you do that?LOUISThe same way you do it. A series of
		simple gestures. Only I moved too
		fast for you to see. I'm flesh and
		blood, you see. But not human. I
		haven't been human for two hundred
		years.

	Malloy is speechless, frightened yet enthralled.LOUISWhat can I do to put you at ease?
		Shall we begin like David
		Copperfield? I am born, I grow up.
		Or shall we begin when I was born
		to darkness, as I call it. That's
		really where we should start, don't
		you think?MALLOYYou're not lying to me, are you?LOUISWhy should I lie? 1791 was the year
		it happened. I was twenty-four -
		younger than you are now.MALLOYYes.LOUISBut times were different then. I
		was a man at that age. The master
		of a large plantation just south of
		New Orleans...DISSOLVETO:EXT. LOUISIANA - DAY (1791)A disheveled Louis, hair in pigtail, in deep pocket
	frock coat, rides his horse through the fields of
	indigo, passing an overseer and slaves at work.

	He passes slave quarters and the distant colonial
	mansion of Pointe du Lac.

	He comes to a small parish church and a graveyard. he
	dismounts and walks through the tombs to an elaborate
	one in Greek Style.LOUIS (V.O.)I had just lost my wife in
		childbirth. She and the infant had
		been buried less than half a year.

	There is a marble angel above the tomb, feminine, with
	a tiny cherub angel in her arms. Louis looks from the
	angel, down to the inscriptions on the tomb:"DIANNE DE POINTE DU LAC 1763 - 1791INFANT JEAN MARIE - 1791"Louis rips away the vines already covering the
	inscription, then drinks from a pocket-flask. His face
	is ashen.LOUIS (V.O.)I was twenty-four and life seemed
		finished. I couldn't bear the pain
		of their loss. I longed for a
		release from it.INT. WATERFRONT TAVERN - NIGHTLouis in ragged lace and dirty brocade sitting between
	two whores at a gaming table, drinking absinthe. All
	around him flatboatmen, whores, gamblers, black African
	freedmen.LOUIS (V.O.)I wanted to lose everything. My
		wealth, my estate, my sanity. But
		Lady Luck didn't oblige.

	Louis displays a hand of four aces. A gambler at the
	table stands in fury, over turning money, cards,
	drinks.LOUISYou're calling me a cheat?GAMBLERI'm calling you a piece of shit -

	The Gambler pulls out a pearl-handled pistol and points
	it at Louis. The crowd hushes and draws back. Louis
	smiles drunkenly and stands. he rips open his lace
	shirt, exposing his chest.LOUISThen do me a favor. Get rid of this
		piece of shit...

	The Gambler's finger on the trigger. His hand shakes.LOUISYou lack the courage of your
		convictions, sir. Do it.

	LESTAT, a hooded figure in the corner, smiles from
	beneath the shadow of his hood. Gleaming blue eyes.LOUIS (V.O.)Most of all I longed for death. I
		know that now. I invited it, a
		release from the pain of living...

	The Gambler lowers his gun, scowling. Louis pockets the
	fistfulls of coins he has won.EXT. WATERFRONT - NIGHTLoud, crowded riverfront taverns full of ruffians.
	Louis staggers down, an arm around a whore, drinking
	from a bottle. A pockmarked pimp follows behind.LOUISMy invitation was open to anyone.
		Sailors, thieves, whores and
		slaves...EXT. WHARF - NIGHTLouis, quite insensible, being propped up against a
	wall by the whore in a dank wharf over the water. The
	pimp rifles his pockets, then pulls a knife, about to
	slice his throat, when a shadow falls over him. He
	turns, and we see the face of Lestat, who lifts him
	into the air by his throat, breaking his neck. the
	whore screams and Lestat's other hand clamps over her
	mouth. Lestat drags her towards him. Louis falls to the
	ground, supported no more, insensible. Close on his
	face, as we hear the last breaths of life of the whore,
	off.LOUIS (V.O.)But it was a vampire that accepted.IN THE WATERThe bodies of the thief and whore float by. Above on
	the wharf, Louis, now awake, stares down at them. He
	turns, to see Lestat, towering above him.LESTATThey would have killed you -LOUISThen my luck would have changed.LESTATYou want death? Is it death you
		want?LOUISYes...

	Lestat floats down on top of him, then lifts him in the
	air, draws his head back by the hair and sinks his
	teeth in his neck.ON LOUIS' FACEEvery muscle rigid, teeth clenched, as the blood is
	drained from him.ON THEIR FEETHovering above the ground, like two quivering dancers.

	THE WIND billows through the ghostly white sails and
	rigging of the boats around the wharf.LESTATFloats higher, with Louis in his arms, draining his
	blood. One hand reaches out and grips a rope, hanging
	from a shipmast. The other holds Louis. He withdraws
	his teeth, and looks into Louis' drained face.LESTATYou still want death? Or have you
		tasted it enough?

	Louis can barely get the words out.LOUISEnough...

	Lestat smiles and lets him go. Louis falls and plummets
	into the water below.LOUIS' FACEComing to the surface, in the water lapping by the
	wharf. The bodies of the whore and thief float beside
	him. He looks up and sees Lestat way above him,
	dangling from the rope of the shipmast.INT. ROOM - SAN FRANCISCOON MALLOY'S FACECaptivated, terrified, enthralled.MALLOYThat's how it happened?LOUISNo. The Gift of Darkness requires
		more than that, as you'll see.EXT. WATERFRONT - DAYLouis floating by mudflats, surrounded by dead fish,
	the carcasses of animals, eighteenth century rubbish.
	He gets to his feet and walks weakly through the
	mudflats. The sun is coming up over the sea behind him.LOUIS (V.O.)He left me half dead that morning.
		he wanted something from me. He
		came back the following night.INT. LAVISH FRENCH-FURNISHED BEDROOM AT POINT DU LACLouis is delirious in a four-poster bed, shrouded with
	mosquito netting. A female slave, YVETTE, bathes his
	face with a rag. She is crying. Other slave women hover
	in the shadows. Yvette puts out all candles save one by
	the bed, and withdraws, with the others.

	Candlelight flickers on the face of the bisque virgin.

	Louis tosses and turns, dreaming, murmuring
	incoherently. Then he opens his eyes.

	LESTAT, exquisitely dressed in French clothing, stands
	by the bed smiling. In the light of the candle we see
	that he is not human; skin too white; eyes too bright.
	Lestat looks amiable, even mischievous, but impossible
	- and angel or monster.

	Louis grabs his pistol from the table and cocks it.LOUISWho the hell are you? What are you
		doing in my house?LESTATAnd a beautiful house it is too.
		Yours is a good life, isn't it?

	Louis takes aim. Lestat puts his hand over the barrel.
	Louis fires. The bullet tears a hole in Lestat's hand.
	Lestat is unfazed. He takes the gun from Louis' hand
	and throws it away. His hand begins to heal.LESTATYou're not afraid of anything, are
		you?LOUISWhy should I be?

	Louis reaches for his sword, hanging by the bed, and
	point it. Lestat laughs indulgently. He draws closer.LESTATAre you going to put that through
		me too? Ruin my beautiful clothes?

	He comes closer to Louis, right up to his face, so the
	sword passes through his waistcoat.LESTATWere all last night's promises for
		nothing?

	He reaches out with his now-healed hand and plucks out
	the sword.LOUISWhat do you want from me?LESTATI've come to answer your prayers.
		You want to die, don't you? Life
		has no meaning anymore, does it?

	Lestat sits down on the bed, drawing up one knee. Louis
	is becoming spellbound.LESTATThe wine has no taste. The food
		sickens you. There seems no reason
		for any of it, does there? But what
		if I could give it back to you?
		Pluck out the pain and give you
		another life? And it would be for
		all time? And sickness and death
		could never touch you again?

	The vampire theme rises, with the sound of a heartbeat.DISSOLVETO:EXT. GRAVEYARD - NIGHTThe camera drifts through the graveyard where Louis'
	wife is buring. Everything is lit with an eerie glow,
	as if seen through some unearthly eye.LESTATVampires, that's what we are.
		Creatures of darkness, only we see
		it that darkness more clearly than
		any mortal has ever seen...

	Louis and Lestat drifting, dreamlike, through the
	overhanging vines, comes to the grave of his wife and
	child. Above the crypt, the statue of angel, mother and
	child.LESTATWouldn't it be sweet to bid pain
		goodbye? To wave away anguish and
		grief? To embrace the peace of the
		unending night?

	The marble fingers of the child on the statue move. The
	angel raises her head and has the face of Louis wife,
	Diane. she raises her hand and touches Louis tear-
	streamed face. The child speaks.MARBLE CHILDPapa...

	Louis reaches out to embrace them and finds himself
	touching cold marble. He cries out in anguish-LOUISDiane!!!!LESTATThey are gone, Louis. Death took
		them. Death which you can now
		destroy...LOUISNO!!!!!INT. LOUIS BEDROOM - NIGHTLouis, thrashing on the bed in a delirium. Lestat
	places a hand on his forehead and soothes him.LESTATYou have to ask me for this. You
		have to want it, do you hear me?LOUISGive it to me!!!LESTATVampires. We thrive on blood.LOUISI want it!

	Lestat bends close as if to drink Louis' blood. Louis
	does not shrink back, but stares into his eyes. Lestat
	draws back, then stands up and goes to the French
	doors.LESTATTomorrow night. You must prove
		yourself. I will give you the
		choice I never had.

	He looks outside.LESTATThe sun's coming up. Watch it
		carefully. If you come with me
		tomorrow, you'll never see it
		again.

	He leaves. Louis sits dazed, staring at the empty
	French window. The sun rises with unnatural beauty,
	over the swamplands and the plantation, filling the
	room, striking water-pitcher, glass, mirror, and the
	picture of his dead wife.LOUIS (V.O.)My last sunrise. That morning I was
		not yet a vampire, and I saw my
		last sunrise. I remember it
		completely, yet I don't remember
		any sunrise before it. I watched
		the whole magnificence of the dawn
		for the last time, as if it were
		the first. And the I said goodbye
		to sunlight and went out to become
		what I became.EXT. PLANTATION - NIGHTLestat and Louis walk through the slave quarters,
	huddles groups around fires, music, singing. The sound
	of whipping is heard.LESTATYour grief has unhinged you. You've
		let your estate rot.

	In the woods beyond the quarters, the white overseer is
	whipping a black slave, with horrifying savagery.LESTATYou let your overseer run riot,
		work your slaves to the bone. We'll
		start with him.LOUISHow do you mean, start?LESTATCall him.

	Louis calls.LOUISCarlos!!!

	The overseer turns and comes towards them, with the
	bloodied whip.LESTATWhy the bloody whip, Carlos?

	The overseer looks into his eyes, shivers with terror,
	drops the whip and runs for the trees. Lestat is on him
	in an instant. He sinks is teeth in his neck. Louis
	runs to him, tries to pull him off. But Lestat turns to
	Louis and smiles, with his bloodied mouth.LESTATLet's call that a start.LOUISI can't do it.LESTATYou've just done it -LOUISKill me if you will, but I can't do
		this...

	He flees, as Lestat ends to finish off the overseer.EXT. POINTE DU LAC - NIGHTLouis running up the steps leading to the gallery. He
	is crazed with guilt. He looks up and sees -LESTATSitting collected at the head of the steps.LOUISBacks away as Lestat rises and descends the steps so
	fluidly he hardly seems to move.LESTATDon't worry. He was white trash,
		they come at two a penny. I dumped
		him in the swamp and untied the
		slave, licked his wounds clean.LOUISYou're the devil, aren't you?
		That's who you are.LESTAT(gently)
		I wish I were. But if I were, what
		would I want with you?LOUISI can't go through with it, I tell
		you.LESTATYour perfect. Your bitter and
		you're strong.LOUISBut why do you want me?LESTATBecause you're as strong as I was
		when I was alive.

	Louis takes out his flask and drinks. Drunkenly, he
	turns and heads for a nearby swamp.EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHTLouis stops again in front of the crypt. Drinks from
	the flask, leans his forehead against the stone.

	Lestat appears beside him, radiant, beautiful.LESTATYou really want to be with them?LOUISYes. Kill me. Kill me like you
		promised -LESTATYou asked for death. I didn't
		promise it -

	In a quiet rage, Lestat raise his fist and shatters the
	marble face stone, revealing a coffin below. His fist
	shatters that in turn, revealing the half-rotted body
	of a women, holding an infant, no longer recognizable
	as individuals, a tangle of gruesome rotted hair,
	flesh, eaten away lace, insects and worms crawling over
	it.

	Louis gasps.LESTATIt's not your wife and child my
		friend. It's death. Just that
		simple. Think and choose. It
		happens to everyone. Except us.

	Lestat stares at him, smiling, becoming a hazy
	dreamlike vision, then hyperclear. Louis again is
	spellbound. He drops the flask, which shatters on the
	stones.

	Lestat appears angelic in his radiance.LESTATWe shall be this way always, my
		friend. Young as we are now. I'm
		lonely for a companion, lonely for
		your strength. But I'm not that
		lonely. Do you want to come or not?

	Louis capitulates in one long sigh.LOUISYes...

	Lestat comes closer, smiling.LESTATDid I hear a yes?LOUISYes...

	Lestat embraces Louis, obscuring his face. He drinks
	his blood. We hear two heartbeats, out of sync, coming
	together. We see Louis' face, growing paler, paler, as
	his blood is drained. His eyes stare upwards, losing
	their focus.LOUIS' POVThe moon, through hanging vines. The marble statue of
	his wife and child smile at him, as if come alive. Her
	hair blows in the breeze, wonderful gold tresses, the
	child's fingers reach out...BACK TO SCENELestat lets Louis fall down beside the broken crypt.
	Louis looks from the rotting bodies to Lestat above
	him. radiant. Lestat speaks gently.LESTATI've drained you to the point of
		death. If you drink from me you
		live for ever. If I leave you here
		you die.

	Lestat lifts his hand to his lips and blows Louis a
	kiss.LOUISNo. Don't leave me here. Give it to
		me.

	Lestat lifts his own right wrist to his teeth. Fangs
	slash his own flesh, blood falls.LESTATYou're sure?LOUISSure...

	Louis rises to accept the first drops with his open
	mouth. Lestat gathers him up, as Louis clamps his hand
	on Lestat's arm and drinks from the wrist.

	The VAMPIRE THEME swells.

	Lestat watches him drink his wrist with wry amusement.
	Louis finishes, staggers away from him as if drunk.LOUIS' POVVampire vision. The world is transformed, the swamp,
	the moon, the clouds, the cry of the night birds all
	come to him with unnatural clarity. He looks down with
	pity at the corpses of his wife and child who appear
	beautiful in death now rather than repulsive. He closes
	the lid of the coffin and replaces it in the ground,
	astonished at the ease of it.

	He turns and stares at Lestat whom he sees now with
	vampire's vision. Lestat's eyes are brighter, his
	buttons are glimmering in the light. Everything is
	clearer, brighter, containing more facets of light and
	color.LESTATStop staring at my buttons. Didn't
		I tell you it was going to be fun?

	Lestat leads him into the swamp. Everything astonished
	Louis, as if he's never seen it before. Louis is
	suddenly racked by shudders of pain.LESTATYou're body's dying. Pay no
		attention. It will take twenty
		minutes at most.LOUISDying?

	Louis dry-retches.LESTATIt happens to us all.

	Lestat wipes Louis' brow.LESTATCome, you're going to feed now.LOUISI want a woman.

	Lestat laughs and his laughter echoes like bells in
	Louis' ears.LESTATThat doesn't matter anymore, Louis.
		You'll see. Come...LOUIS' VAMPIRE POV - SWAMPSmall high ground. Camp of runaway slaves. Several
	share a bottle of rum around the fire. A male slave
	rises. A gorgeous hunk of flesh in the moonlight and
	goes into the swamp to relieve his bladder.LESTATThey're all beautiful now. Men,
		women, the old, the young...simply
		because they are alive. -

	The slave walks towards them in the darkness. A
	crucifix gleams round his neck.LESTATTake him.LOUISThe crucifix -LESTATForget the crucifix. Take him.

	Louis hesitates.LESTATResist no more Louis. Feed...

	The slave looks up and sees them. Two gleaming white
	beings standing before him with devil's eyes. The he
	runs.

	Louis can resist him no more. He swoops on him with a
	vampire's rapid movement, brings him to the ground and
	sinks his teeth in his neck.

	Close on Louis feeding on the slave, the magnificent
	body shuddering in its death-throes. Lestat stands
	above, laughing.

	The slave dies. Louis rises from him, drunkenly,
	engorged with blood.LOUISWhat have I done?LESTATYou have fed. You were made for
		this...

	Louis looks down at the body of the slave. Lestat's
	laughter echoes around him.LOUISDear God, what have I done?LESTATYou've killed Louis. And enjoyed
		it.

	Lestat laughs harder. Louis runs from him, screaming in
	anguish.EXT. GRAVEYARD - NIGHTLouis reaches his wife's grave. He falls to his knees,
	throws back his head and bares his new fangs to the
	moon.LOUISDear God, what have I become????INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHTMalloy stares at Louis, terrified and enthralled.MALLOYYou said the slave had a
		crucifix...LOUISOh, that rumor about crosses?MALLOYYou can't look at them...LOUISNonsense, my friend. I can look on
		anything I like. And I am
		particularly fond of looking on
		crucifixes.MALLOYThe story about stakes through the
		heart?LOUISThe same. As you would say today...
		Bull shit.MALLOYWhat about coffins?LOUISCoffins... coffins unfortunately
		are a necessity...EXT. MANSION - NIGHTLouis walks up the steps to the mansion. He looks now
	like a fully-fledged vampire. Yvette, the slave girl
	stares at him from the open doorway. Cascades of
	harpsichord music come from the interior.LOUIS (V.O.)Killing is no ordinary act. It is
		the experience of another's life
		for certain. That night I had lost
		my own life and taken another's. I
		was drowning in a sea of human
		guilt and regret, with all the
		heightened senses of a vampire...

	Louis enters the mansion, following the harpsichord
	music, as if in a dream. Yvette draws back as he
	approaches.INT. MANSION - NIGHTLouis wanders into the parlor, where Lestat is playing
	the harpsichord rapidly and exuberantly. Louis goes to
	a full-length mirror and sees his own reflection there
	- quite the perfect vampire.LESTATYes, that's you, my handsome
		friend. And you'll look that way
		till the stars fall from heaven.LOUISIt can't be...LESTATGive it time. You're like a man who
		loses a limb and still imagines he
		feels pain. It will pass. And we
		must sleep now. I can feel the sun
		approaching.EXT. POINTE DU LACDawn spreading over the plantation.INT. BASEMENT - POINTE DU LACA brick walled storage room. Two coffins stand on the
	floor. Lestat enters with a lantern, Louis behind.
	Lestat is apprehensive and protective of Louis. He
	pulls back one lid ot reveal a satin interior.LESTATYou must get into it. It's the only
		safe place for you when the light
		comes.LOUISAnd if I don't?LESTATThe sun will destroy the blood I've
		given you. Every tissue, every
		vein. The fire in this lantern
		could do that too.

	Louis approaches the coffin, hands trembling as he
	peers into it.LESTATDon't be afraid. In moments you'll
		be sleeping as soundly as you ever
		slept. And when you awake I'll be
		waiting for you, and so will all
		the world.

	Louis crawls into the coffin, fearful yet fascinated.LOUISYou told me something earlier. You
		said you didn't have a choice. Was
		that true?

	Lestat smiles bitterly and nods.LESTATSomeday I'll tell you. We have a
		lot of time to talk to each other.
		You might say... we have all the
		time we shall ever need.

	He closes the lid.

	Total darkness. Sounds of Louis' panicked breathing. Of
	his prayer again.LOUISDear God, what have I done?INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHTLouis and Lestat sitting at a sumptuous table, piled
	with uneaten food. Lestat is going through sheafs of
	documents.LOUIS (V.O.)I awoke the next evening to a
		different world. And I realized
		there are as profound differences
		between vampires as between human
		beings...

	Lestat, totting up figures on a piece of paper.LESTATYour wealth, dear Louis, is
		inestimable. Your income from
		cotton alone will keep us in
		comfort for a century.

	Louis just stares at him.LOUIS (V.O.)I sat there staring at him with
		contempt. He had the soul of a
		shopkeeper, he was the sow's ear
		out of which nothing fine could be
		made. I felt sadly cheated in
		having him as a teacher...

	Lestat looks up at him and grins.LESTATYou'll get used to killing. Just
		forget about that mortal coil.
		You'll become accustomed to things
		all too quickly.LOUISDo you think so?

	Yvette enters, stands behind him, staring at Lestat
	with loathing.YVETTEYou are not hungry, sir...LESTATAu contraire, my dear. He could eat
		a horse...

	Lestat laughs loudly. Louis turns and looks at Yvette.
	Her beautiful forehead in the candlelight, the veins
	pulsing on her neck and her hands.LOUIS (V.O.)I looked at anything mortal and saw
		all life as precious, condemning
		all fruitless guilt and passion
		that would let it slip through the
		fingers like sand...

	Yvette returns his stare, troubled.LOUIS (V.O.)It was only as a vampire that I
		could see Yvette's beauty. Her fear
		of me increased my desire.

	Yvette reaches for his uneaten plate. Louis stops her
	hand. Holds it for a beat too long, looking at the
	veins in her wrist.LOUISI will finish it, Yvette. Now leave
		us.

	She turns and runs from the table. Lestat leans towards
	him.LESTATCan't you pretend, you fool? Don't
		give the game away. We're lucky to
		have such a home.

	His hand snakes out under the table. It comes up
	holding a large grey rat.LESTATPretend to drink, at least.

	He bares his fangs and slices the rat's throat. He
	pours the blood into a crystal glass.LESTATSuch fine crystal shouldn't go to
		waste...

	He hands the glass to Louis. Louis drinks the blood and
	stares at it in surprise, then at the dead rat on the
	fine lace tablecloth.LESTATI know. It gets cold so fast.LOUISWe can live like this? Off the
		blood of animals?

	Lestat shrugs.LESTATI wouldn't call it living. I'd call
		it surviving. A useful trick if
		you're caught for a month on a ship
		at sea.

	Lestat strokes the belly of the dead rat, studying it
	sadly.LESTATThere's nothing in the world now
		that doesn't hold some...LOUISFascination...LESTATYes. And I'm bored with this
		prattle -

	He throws the rat away.LOUISBut we can live without taking
		human life. It's possible.LESTATAnything is possible. But just try
		it for a week. Come into New
		Orleans and let me show you some
		real sport!

	He rises. Louis follows.EXT. NEW ORLEANS - NIGHTA big, lavish drinking place with a raised stage.

	Italian actors in buffoonish costumes act crude
	commedia dell'arte on the stage.

	Plantation owners in soiled brocade, lace, crooked wigs
	watch the show as tavern wenches move about.LOUIS (V.O.)This was New Orleans, a magical and
		magnificent place to live. In which
		a vampire, richly dressed might
		attract no more notice in the
		evening than hundreds of other
		exotic creatures.

	Louis and Lestat by a table, in the shadow of a tree.
	Teresa, a tavern wench, sits on Lestat's lap, pouring
	drinks for the two of them. She lifts a fresh glass to
	Lestat's lips as he flirts with her.TERESACome on, mon cher. The best in the
		colony. Once you touch this you'll
		never go to any other tavern again.LESTATYou think so, cherie? But what if
		I'd rather taste your lips?TERESAMy lips are even sweeter still...

	She kisses him. He lets his tongue play with hers, then
	runs it down her neck. She swoons with pleasure. Then
	he sinks his teeth gently in her neck, looking
	playfully behind at Louis, who if appalled and
	fascinated.ANTICS ON THE STAGELaughter rocks the tavern.

	Lestat slips the pale and dead Teresa into a chair
	beside him and folds her hands on the table. No one
	notices. He lays gold coins on the table and touches
	Louis' knee.LESTATLet's get out of here!

	Lestat rushes out, thrilled with himself.EXT. TAVERN - NIGHTA crowded street. Louis and Lestat emerge from the
	tavern. Louis looks up at the moon.LOUISHave you ever been caught?LESTATOf course not. It's so easy you
		almost feel sorry for them.

	They walk down the crowded night street, full of ladies
	in their finery, freed slaves, whores, sailors etc.LOUIS (V.O.)Lestat killed two, sometimes three
		a night. A fresh young girl, that
		was his favorite for the first of
		the evening.INT. FRENCH QUARTER MANSION - BALLROOMSmall orchestra plays for colonial couples in fine wig
	and garb prancing to a French minuet. Young women sit
	in chairs along the walls with their chaperones. Young
	men stand opposite.LOUIS (V.O.)But the triumphant kill of Lestat
		was a young man. They represented
		the greatest loss to Lestat because
		they stood on the threshold of the
		maximum possibility of life.

	A youth of preternatural beauty, silhouetted against
	French windows. He is talking to an elegant widow,
	seated, holding two manicured poodles. Lestat stares at
	the youth with longing.LESTATThe trick is not to think about it.
		See that one? The widow St. Clair?
		she had that gorgeous young fop
		murder her husband. She's perfect
		for you. Go ahead.LOUISBut how do you know?LESTATRead her thoughts.LOUISI can't.LESTATThe dark gift is different for each
		of us. But one thing is true of
		everyone. We grow stronger as we go
		along.

	He leads Louis closer to them.LESTATTake my word for it. She blamed a
		slave for his murder. And do you
		know what they did to him?

	He smiles at the young man, who smiles in return.LESTATThe evildoers are easier. And they
		taste better...EXT. LAWNS - NIGHTLestat walks the youth towards a copse of trees. He
	looks back at Louis, who holds both poodles on a
	delicate leash, walking with the widow. The minuet
	spills from the french windows.WIDOW ST. CLAIRNow, young man, you really amaze
		me! I'm old enough to be your
		grandmother.

	She leans towards him concquettishly. Louis, crazed
	with hunger, sees her as beautiful in the moonlight. He
	allows her lips reach his. He takes her in his arms,
	gently, romantically, and sinks in his teeth. She
	swoons.WIDOW ST. CLAIRYes, that's the melody, I remember
		it. Oh yes...

	Louis draws his lips away. She is weak in his arms, but
	still alive. He can't do it. The poodles growl. He
	shoots out an arm and grabs one, then the other.EXT. TREES - NIGHTLestat, bending over the body of the dead youth. A
	scream pierces the night.WIDOW ST CLAIRMurder!!! Murderer!!EXT. LAWNS. NIGHTThe widow on the grass, her poodles dead beside her.
	Louis is trying to quiet her.WIDOW ST CLAIRMy little papillions! My
		butterflies!!! He killed them!!!

	Lestat comes from nowhere, claps a hand over her mouth
	and breaks her neck. He spits in fury at Louis.LESTATYou whining coward of a vampire who
		prowls the night killing rats and
		poodles. You could have finished us
		both!Louis throws himself on Lestat with extraordinary
	force, pummeling him towards the trees.LOUISWhat have you done to me? You've
		condemned me to hell.LESTATI don't know any hell -

	Louis hurls him against tree after tree with a strength
	he never knew he had.LOUISYou want to see me kill? Watch me
		kill you then -

	He drags him to the ground an throttles him. Lestat
	looks up at him, amazed and amused at the same time.LESTATWhat strength, my friend, what
		strength. I remember why I chose
		you now.

	Lestat squirms from his grip, seemingly effortlessly.LESTATBut you can't kill me, Louis. Nor I
		you.

	He ruffles Louis' hair, with wry affection.LESTATFeed on what you want, mon cherie.
		Rats, chickens, doves, goats. I'll
		leave you to it and watch you come
		round. Just remember, life without
		me would be even more unbearable...

	He smiles. A sly, pleasurable secret secret smile.EXT. POINTE DU LAC - NIGHTTheir carriage draws up to the mansion as the first
	fingers of light spread across the sky.LOUIS (V.O.)Being a vampire to him meant
		revenge. Revenge against life-
		itself. Every time he took a life
		it was revenge. and the slaves with
		a wisdom that was denied their
		masters, began to notice...INT. SLAVE-HUT - NIGHTIn a tiny cabin, a slave family. Kids sleeping on the
	floor, in cribs and cots. The parents sleep on the bed,
	young, beautiful, naked. Beside them is Lestat, who is
	drinking the husband's blood, his hand playing across
	the breast of the wife as he does so. She murmurs in
	her sleep.WIFEYes... please...

	She grabs his fingers and kisses them, thinking him to
	be her husband. Lestat gently disengages himself and
	leaves.EXT. SLAVE-HUT - NIGHTThe woman's scream pierces the sky, as Lestat walks
	into the night.EXT. CHICKEN-COOP - NIGHTEvery chicken is dead, bloodies necks hanging down from
	the cribs. Louis emerges from the entrance, blood on
	his lips. He hears the scream.EXT. SLAVE QUARTER - NIGHTThe sound of drumming is heard, African, primal. The
	woman runs through the quarters, screaming grief.
	Others gather at doorways, restrain and console her.EXT. DOVE-COTE - DAYA beautiful, elaborate eighteenth century dove-cote.
	Every dove inside is dead, pierced at the neck. A black
	hand throws in a flaming torch and it bursts into
	flame.INT. CABIN - NIGHTA doll, made in the image of Lestat, is pierced with
	needles.EXT. SWAMP BY FIELDS - DAYBodies of slaves floating in the swamp, with the bodies
	of goats. Slaves at the edge throw ropes around the
	bodies, pull them towards the shore. The drumming grows
	louder.EXT. SLAVE-QUARTERS - NIGHTLouis walking through. The slaves hush as he
	approaches, gather in doorways and whisper. He turns
	and looks at them, sorrowfully. He looks truly like a
	ghost. Their eyes turn away when they meet his. He
	walks on.INT. DINING ROOM IN MANSION - NIGHTLestat and Louis sit at the table, the untouched food
	between them.LESTATConsider yourself lucky. In Paris a
		vampire has to be clever for many
		reasons. Here all one needs is a
		pair of fangs.LOUISParis? You came from Paris?LESTATAs did the one who made me.LOUISTell me about him. You must have
		learnt something from him! It had
		to happen for you as it did for me!LESTATI learnt absolutely nothing. I
		wasn't give a choice, remember?LOUISBut you must know something about
		the meaning of it all, you must
		know where we come from, why we...

	Lestat spits out in anger.LESTATWhy? Why should I know these
		things? Do you know them?

	The drumming grows outside.LESTAT(gripping his temples)
		That noise! It's driving me mad!
		We've been in the country for
		weeks, with nothing but that
		noise!!!LOUISThey know about us. They see us
		dine on empty plates and drink from
		empty glasses.LESTATCome the New Orleans then. There's
		an opera on tonight. A real french
		opera! We can dine in splendor!LOUISI respect life, don't you see? For
		each and every human life I have
		respect.LESTATRespect me a little then. I'm the
		only life you know.

	Louis stares. Lestat turns childishly, petulantly.LESTATYou'll soon run out of chickens,
		Louis...

	He walks out, humming a French aria. Louis stares at
	his plate.EXT. SLAVE QUARTERS - NIGHTThe slaves, gathered on mass around fires. Frenzied
	drumming, dancing. Lestat rides through, scattering the
	flames. The drumming stops. The slaves look towards the
	house. Slowly, they begin to move towards it.INT. POINTE DU LAC DINING ROOM - NIGHTLouis, sitting in despair by the table. Yvette, the
	slave girl enters.YVETTEMichi Louis? You don't want any
		supper?

	Louis laughs harshly.LOUISNo, ma cher. I need no supper. Is
		all well at Pointe Du Lac tonight?

	Yvette draws closer. Light reveals her beauty.YVETTEWe worry about you master. When do
		you ride about the fields? How long
		since you've been to the slave
		quarters? Everywhere there is
		death. Animals, men. Are you our
		master still at all?

	Louis watches her sadly. He's getting hungry. Her
	throat is long and slender, her breasts are gorgeous.LOUIS(dazed)
		Leave me alone now, Yvette.YVETTEI will not go unless you listen to
		me. Send away this new friend of
		yours. The slaves are frightened of
		him. They are frightened of you.

	She comes closer, and he can hear her beating heart.
	She touches his hair. He takes her hand and brings it
	to his lips.LOUISI am frightened of myself, Yvette.

	He kisses her wrist. She suddenly gasps, sharply,
	withdraws her hand. She sees her wrist is red with
	blood. She sees the blood on his lips. She screams.

	Louis stands.LOUISHush, Yvette -

	She screams even louder. Louis clamps his hand over her
	mouth. Her hand grips the table-cloth, pulls, bringing
	the empty glasses and crockery to the floor.

	In horror, Louis realizes he has broken her neck. He
	brings her cut wrist to his lips, then drops it,
	revolted. He carries her body outside, grief-stricken.

	The drumming grows louder.EXT. MANSION - NIGHTFires burning in the distance, round the slave-cabins.
	The slaves are gathered at the foot of the mansion
	steps. They see Louis come out, holding the body of
	Yvette. He is deranged with grief.LOUISThis place is cursed. Damned, do
		you hear me? And your master is the
		devil.

	He places the body of Yvette in a rocking chair on the
	veranda.LOUISGet out while you can. You're free
		men.

	They don't move. They stare at him blankly.LOUISUnlike me, you are no free men...

	He turns behind him, and looks at the mansion, all
	candelabra and chandeliers lighted, all windows open.LOUISDo I have to convince you?

	He rushed up the stairs, snatches up the candelabra and
	sets fire to the drapes. He goes from window to window,
	lighting drapes, lace curtains, everything.SLAVES POV - MASTERSetting fire to the house.

	They rush up the stairs with shouts of "STOP HIM, HE'S
	MAD". A wall of flame gushes out from the interior,
	blocking their way.INT. BURNING MANSION - NIGHTLouis, wandering from room to room of the burning
	mansion. he sees paintings of his wife consumed by the
	flames. He is weakening with the fumes, the heat. We
	can see this in his face, the texture of his skin.

	Suddenly a large french window cascades inwards and
	Lestat stands there, whip in hand. Behind him we can
	see the morning sky.LESTATYou fool, what have you done?LOUISWhat you wouldn't do. It's almost
		sunrise. It will be the sun or the
		fire. You said they can kill me.
		The sun or the fire!

	Louis stands there, weakened, then collapses onto the
	floor. Lestat darts forward and catches him before he
	drops. He runs out the shattered window, carrying him
	on his shoulder.EXT. LARGE GRAVEYARD - DAWNWith many crypts. Louis, unconscious, carried over
	Lestat's shoulder.INT. CRYPTDarkness. Louis lying on the floor of a large crypt. He
	slowly comes to.LOUISWhere are we?LESTATWhere do you think, my idiot
		friend? We're in a nice filthy
		cemetery. Does this make you happy?
		Is this fitting and proper enough?

	Louis laughs softly.LOUISWe belong in hell.LESTATAnd what if there is no hell, or
		they don't want us there? Ever
		think of that?INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHTThe vampire sits in silence, as if tired by his story.
	Malloy speaks, hesitantly.MALLOYYou loved Yvette...LOUISCan a vampire feel love?MALLOYYou loved your wife, surely.LOUISI was human then. Might as well ask
		can an angel feel love. Both are
		blesses or cursed with a certain...
		detachment. Though whether angels
		take as long to learn it as I, I
		will never know.

	He looks directly at Malloy, shocking him with his
	gaze.LOUISYes, I loved Yvette. As I loved
		Pointe Du Lac. And as with each
		thing I loved, I destroyed it.EXT. NEW ORLEANS - EVENINGFrom the sea, at evening, shrouded in mist.LOUIS (V.O.)Lestat I did not love. And he
		survived.INT. INN - EVENINGA lavish little supper chamber with coffered bed, fancy
	French furniture. Open to rooftops of colonial city.
	Louis sits by an open window looking out over the city.
	Behind, we can hear the laughter of Lestat and tow
	female voices. Louis turns and sees -

	Lestat, in the main chamber with two drugged or drunked
	whores. One runs her finger down his chest. The other
	seems out of it.WHORE #1You're skin's icy.LESTATNot always...

	He presses his thumb on her neck and holds her tight,
	sinking his teeth into her neck. After a time she falls
	to the bed, dead. he turns to the other.LESTATYour friend has no head for wine.WHOREShe's stupid. I can warm that cold
		skin of yours better than she can.LESTATDo you think so?

	He rubs her breast.WHOREWhy you're warm now.LESTATAh, but the price is pretty high.
		Your sweet friend - I exhausted
		her.

	He bites her in turn, drinks her blood. She does into
	the swoon.

	Louis looks on in disgust. He stands.LOUISI'm leaving you. I can't stand this
		any longer.

	Lestat pulls away from the whore.LESTATWhat, no flowery speeches? About
		what a monster I am? What a vulgar
		fiend?LOUISI'm not interested in you. You
		disgust me. I'm interested in my
		own nature and know I can't trust
		you to tell me the truth about me.LESTATWhat do you imagine you are Louis?LOUISI don't pretend to know.LESTATDon't you understand, Louis, that
		you alone of all creatures can see
		death with impunity... you alone
		under the rising moon can strike
		like the hand of God.

	The girl moans.LOUISLestat, she's alive!!!LESTATVampires are killers. Predators,
		who's all seeing eyes were meant to
		give them detachment.

	The girl moans again, open her eyes.LOUISThe girl, Lestat -LESTATI know. Let her alone.

	He slashes her wrist with his teeth, and lets the blood
	drip into a glass.LESTATYou think you can be human. You
		think you can go back. But you
		can't. You live off the blood of
		rats now Louis. How human is that?

	The girls moans again. Lestat drinks that glass.LESTATLie still, love...

	The girl begins to scream. Lestat picks her up.LESTATYou're tired love, you want to
		sleep.

	He walks to his coffin, puts her inside and sits on the
	lid. We hear muffled screaming and banging from inside.LOUISWhy do you do this Lestat?LESTATI like to do it. I enjoy it. Take
		you aesthete's taste to purer
		things. Kill them swiftly if you
		will, but do it! For now doubt, you
		are a killer Louis. Ah!

	He stands up. The girl pushes the lid off, hysterical.
	She looks at Louis.GIRLIt's a coffin, a coffin! Get me
		out!LESTATOf course it's a coffin. You're
		dead, love.

	Louis screams at LestatLOUISLestat - finish this -LESTATYou finish her - if you feel so
		much -

	The girl grabs Louis and pleads.GIRLYou won't let me die, will you?
		You'll save me?LESTATBut it's too late, love. Look at
		your wrist, you breast.

	He picks her up again. He turns to Louis laughing.LESTATUnless I make her one of us...LOUISNO!!!LESTATTHEN YOU KILL HER!!!!!The girl screams. Louis puts his hands to his ears.
	Then Lestat, in a fit of pique puts his teeth to her
	neck. She dies at last.

	A terrible silence descends. Lestat looks at Louis.LOUISMy God... to think you... are all I
		have to learn from...LESTATIn the old world, they called it
		the dark gift, Louis. And I gave it
		to you.

	Louis leaves without a word.EXT. DANK NEW ORLEANS BACK STREETS - NIGHTA rat scurried down a gutter, then another and another.
	Louis' hand grabs the rat. We see him from behind,
	walking down the street, gripping one, then another.LOUIS (V.O.)Am I damned? Am I from the devil?
		Is my very nature that of a devil?
		And all the while, as these dreaded
		questions caused me to neglect my
		thirst, my thirst grew hotter, my
		veins were threads of pain in my
		flesh, my temples throbbed.

	A smaller side street, in which every house is marked
	with an X. The street is crawling with rats, and Louis
	is following them. A man passes with a lantern.MANDon't go that way Monsieur. It's
		the plague. Go back the way you
		came.

	Louis smiles bitterly at these words, repeating them to
	himself.LOUISThe way I came...

	He walks on, following the rats.LOUIS (V.O.)... and finally, when I could stand
		it no longer, I stood in an empty
		desolate street and heard the sound
		of a child crying.

	A house, the door slightly open, marked with an X. The
	sound of a child crying inside. Louis walks towards it.INT. HOUSE - NIGHTA little girl, pulling at a figure in a rocking chair.CLAUDIAMama, please wake up. Mama, I'm
		frightened, please wake up.

	As Louis enters, he sees the woman is dead. Her eyes
	are being eaten away by rats.

	Louis gasps in horror. Claudia turns. She is a radiant
	doll or angel as she stretches out her hand to Louis.CLAUDIAMonsieur, please help us. Papa's
		waiting for us at the ship. Please
		wake mama, Monsieur.

	She runs to him. Instinctively, he gathers her in his
	arms. He looks down pitying on her beautiful face.LOUIS (V.O.)And if I am damned, why do I fell
		such pity for her gaunt face? Why
		do I wish to warm her tiny arms?
		Comfort her beating heart?

	She snuggles into him, suddenly utterly secure. She
	tugs at his hair, brings his head down towards her. And
	we see Louis shiver, as his lips go to her neck.

	Her breathing becomes calm as she goes into the swoon.
	Gradually another sound replaces it.LESTAT'S LAUGHTER, GROWING LOUDER AND LOUDER.Suddenly Louis backs away, caught red-handed, the child
	in his arms. He sees Lestat slapping his knee and
	laughing in the doorway.LESTATAh, my philosopher, my martyr.
		"Never take a human life". Well you
		must admit it is funny. Or is it
		merely touching? I'm not sure.

	Louis stares at the unconscious Claudia in horror, then
	lets her slip gently into a chair. Shamefully he wipes
	his mouth, sees the tiny wounds on her throat.

	Lestat snatches up the dead mother from the chair and
	begins to dance with her in great circles, humming and
	talking. Her head falls back. Black water flows from
	her mouth.LESTATLet's make some party of it, shall
		we? Maybe there's some life in the
		old lady yet?

	Louis flees into the street.LESTATCome back, Louis, you are what you
		are. The plague would have got her
		within hours anyway. Merciful Death
		how you love your precious guilt.EXT. STREETS - NIGHTLouis running through an assortment of streets. All the
	night life of New Orleans flows by him.LOUIS (V.O.)For years I had not savored a
		human. And when I had Lestat's
		words made sense to me. I knew
		peace only when I killed and when I
		heard her heart in that terrible
		rhythm I knew again what peace
		could be. Yet even then I could not
		contenance it...EXT. WATERFRONT - DAWNFingers of light in the sky. Louis, pale and shivering,
	walks splashing through the water. He comes to a huge
	sewer-pipe, crowded with rats. He crawls inside.EXT. WATERFRONT - SOME EVENINGS LATERThe same sewer-pipe. Now the bodies of dead rats lie
	all around. A pair of fine leather boots splash through
	the water - Lestat's.INT. SEWER-PIPE - EVENINGLouis huddled there, so pale and shivering he seems
	close to death. Lestat comes through.LESTATAll I need to find you Louis is
		follow the corpses of rats.

	He bends down to him, surprisingly gently and puts his
	own coat around him.LESTATPain is terrible for you. You feel
		it like no other creature because
		you are a vampire. You don't want
		it to go on.LOUISNo...

	They emerge from the sewer and walk along the
	waterfront.LESTATDo what it is in your nature to do.
		And you will feel as you felt with
		that child in your arms.LOUISOh God Lestat. I felt peace. I felt
		an end to the craving.LESTATThat and more.

	He puts his arm around Louis, to stop his shivering.LESTATEvil is a point of view. God kills,
		indiscriminately, and so shall we.
		For no creatures under God are as
		we are, none so like him as
		ourselves.LOUISIs God merciless? Greedy and cruel?LESTATAh, but we have even more in common
		with our creator. come, I am like a
		mother tonight. I want a child.

	Louis is baffled. He follows.INT. INN - SUPPER ROOMLestat enters.LESTATShe's here, your wounded one.LOUISWhat are you saying?LESTATYou need company, Louis. More
		congenial than mine...

	Lestat holds up a candle and walks towards a large four-
	poster bed. Claudia lies there, angelic, under the
	coverlet, two marks on her neck.LOUISLestat!LESTATYou remember how you wanted her,
		the taste of her -LOUISI didn't want to kill her.LESTATDon't worry, Louis, you're
		conscience is clear. You left her
		alive.

	Lestat shakes her gently.LESTATClaudia, Claudia, listen to me.
		You're ill, my precious and I'm
		going to give you what you need to
		get well.LOUISLestat, what do you mean?

	Louis runs at him, but Lestat brushes him aside
	effortlessly, so he falls to the floor. Lestat bites
	his wrist and presses the bleeding wound to the child's
	mouth... He winces in pain.LESTATThat's it dear. More. You must
		drink it to get well.

	Claudia sucks on the wound, reviving, making little
	noises like a person waking from sleep.

	Louis rises to his feet as Claudia clutches Lestat's
	arm, sucking the blood fiercely. Lestat moans.LESTATStop, that's enough. No more.

	He pulls her loose and she growls and stares at him
	with big clear astonished eyes.CLAUDIAI want more.LOUISWhat have you done?

	Lestat puts her down on the bed and sits beside her,
	holding his wrist, obviously in pain.CLAUDIAMore.LESTATYes, cherie, of course you want
		more. And I'll show you how to get
		it. You drink from morals, my
		beauty, but from me? Never again.

	Still suffering, Lestat pulls the bell-rope.CLOSE ON CLAUDIABeing transformed. Becoming white yet robust, bright-
	eyed yet crazed. She shakes her beautiful curls and the
	dust falls from them. They are shining in the
	candlelight.

	Louis cannot stop looking at her. He does not notices
	as -

	The MAID enters.MAIDAh, quelle Belle enfant!

	The maid comes near the bed, kneels in front of
	Claudia. Lestat lays his hand on the maid's throat and
	Claudia watches keenly.LESTATGently, cherie. They are so
		innocent. They must not be made to
		suffer.

	Claudia lunges for the throbbing vein in the neck,
	locking on to the flowing blood.

	The Maid is transfixed.

	Close on Louis, his anguish, his fascinated horror.LOUISYou are the devil! You are the
		instrument of Satan!LESTATThat's enough, cherie. Stop before
		the heart stops.

	He lets the dead maid onto the floor. Claudia looks at
	the corpse.CLAUDIAI want some more.LESTATIt's bet in the beginning, lest the
		death takes you down with it. yes,
		that's it. My child. My beloved
		child.

	Lestat and Claudia sit on the Louis XVI settee. Claudia
	is a vision, a doll made out of pearl. Animated, voice
	crisp.CLAUDIAWhere is Mamma?

	The words echo in Louis' head, as he puts his hands to
	his ears.LESTATMamma's gone to Heaven, cherie,
		like that sweet lady over there.
		They all go to Heaven. And you did
		very well, cherie. Not a drop
		spilt. Very good! You're going to
		be our child now.

	Lestat takes out his comb and begins to comb her hair.LESTATYour mama's left you with us. She
		wants you to be happy.LOUIS(whispers)
		You are the devil! You are the
		instrument of Satan!LESTATShhhh! Do you want to frighten our
		little daughter?CLAUDIAI'm not your daughter.LESTATYes you are, my dearest. You are
		mine and Louis' daughter. You see
		Louis was going to leave us. He was
		going to go away. But now he's not.
		He's going to stay and make you
		happy.

	Claudia runs over to him. She smiles at him.CLAUDIALou...eee...

	Louis is conflicted. He cannot leave her. He touches
	her cheeks, her hair. Same as his. Vampire skin and
	hair. He draws in his breath, shocked by her beauty,
	then he embraces her as a father might a daughter. He
	looks over her shoulder to Lestat.LOUISYou fiend. You monster.

	Lestat smilesLESTATOne happy family.INT. ROOM - SAN FRANCISCOMalloy is open mouthed.MALLOYA child vampire!

	He sees the tape has run out. He rapidly and clumsily
	sticks in another.LOUISShall we go on?MALLOYHe did it to make you stay with
		him!LOUISPerhaps. He knew me. He knew I
		would love her more than the waking
		world. But there was more to it
		than that. Perhaps in the end he
		did it - to show me that he could.
		For he lavished affection on her,
		there was no doubt about that. Life
		was very different with madame
		Claudia, as you can imagine...EXT. NEW SPANISH TOWNHOUSE - (RUE ROYALE, NEW ORLEANS)Two husky movers bring in furniture through the back
	courtyard, past the fountain and the banana trees, up
	the back stairs and into -INT. FLATStriped wallpaper gives way to flowers in the bedrooms.
	Huge four-poster beds in the bedrooms, and large
	chests, as big as coffins standing against the wall.
	Everywhere there are candles and pretty Louis XVI
	furniture. Lestat gives instructions to the movers.WE MOVE INTO A DIMLY LIT PARLOURWe see Claudia draped in lace standing on a petit point
	chair as a DRESSMAKER measure out a garment.

	Louis can be seen, in an inner room.DRESSMAKERMonsieur, I need more light. I
		shall go slind if you do not bring
		me a lamp, or let me fit this child
		during the day. Ouch!

	She has pricked her hand. A spot of blood appears on
	her finger Claudia takes her hand.CLAUDIALet me kiss it better...

	Claudia brings the hand to her lips. The dressmaker
	abruptly pulls her finger away, in pain again.

	CLOSEUP - her finger, two holes showing.LOUIS (V.O.)A little child she was, but also a
		fierce killer, now capable of the
		ruthless pursuit of blood with all
		a child's demanding.

	Lestat walks through - sees the dressmaker lying dead
	at Claudia's feet, Claudia still on the chair in the
	half-finished dress.LESTATClaudia, Claudia, will you never
		learn? Who will we get now to
		finish your dress? A little
		practicality, cherie...INT. LOUIS' BEDROOM - NIGHTLOUIS (V.O.)She would sleep in my coffin,
		daily, curl her child's fingers
		round my hair as she dreamt of I
		know not what...Claudia and Louis, sleeping in a coffin together,
	Claudia's fingers curling his hair.INT. CLAUDIA'S BEDROOMClaudia playing with dolls, each as perfect and
	beautifully dressed as she is.LOUIS (V.O.)Mute and beautiful, she played with
		dolls, dressing them and undressing
		them by the hour.INT. PARLOUR - NIGHTClaudia tinkling with her child's hands on the piano,
	picking out a hesitant tune.LOUIS (V.O.)Mute and beautiful, she killed. And
		to watch her kill was chilling.EXT. SQUARE - NIGHTThe tinkling of Claudia's piano is heard, over -

	A well-dressed lady, walking through a square lit by
	gaslight. The lady hears a child's sobbing and stops,
	turns.POVClaudia, the picture of lost innocence, sitting on a
	bench and crying.WOMANWhy are you crying, child?

	The woman, all solicitude, goes to Claudia.WOMANAre you lost, my love?CLAUDIAMama...WOMANHush now, don't cry, We'll find
		her...CLAUDIAMama...

	The woman takes Claudia in her arms. Claudia nestles
	her head in her shoulder, her teeth near her neck.LOUIS (V.O.)They found death fast in those
		days, before she learnt to play
		with the, to delay the moment till
		she had taken what she wanted...INT. PARLOUR - NIGHTA stern, stiff PIANO-TEACHER (male) beating time with a
	ruler as Claudia picks out scales on the piano. He raps
	her on the knuckles.PIANO-TEACHERThe thumb girl! Mind the thumb!

	Claudia glares at him, then returns to playing,
	improving rapidly.INT. DOLL-SHOP - NIGHTPiano music over. Mozart, now well played.

	Claudia staring at a glass case, inside of which are an
	array of eighteenth century dolls. An old DOLLMAKER
	looks down on her.DOLLMAKERThey are expensive, my dear. Maybe
		too expensive for a young girl like
		you...EXT. STREET - NIGHTClaudia walking along, clutching the doll.INT. DOLL-SHOP - NIGHTThe dollmaker lying dead, two puncture marks in his
	throat, his dolls scattered all around him.EXT. UNDERTAKER'S - NIGHTClaudia and Louis looking through the window at a
	display of coffins. Claudia point at the smallest one.LOUIS (V.O.)She grew, yet stayed the same. She
		wanted a bed of her own, yet would
		climb back into mine.INT. CLAUDIA'S BEDROOM - NIGHTThe child's coffin on the floor. The lid lifts. Claudia
	emerges, yawning, wanders through the flat into -LOUIS' BEDROOMWhere his coffin sits. She slides the lid off, and
	curls in beside him.INT. PARLOUR - NIGHTClaudia playing the piano, now with remarkable
	dexterity. The piano-teacher sits mute beside her. As
	she plays, he topples over and falls to the ground. We
	see the puncture-marks in his neck. Lestat, hearing the
	noise, comes in.LESTATClaudia, Claudia! Didn't I tell
		you, never in the house!

	Claudia smiles to herself, keeps playing.INT. CLAUDIA'S BEDROOM - NIGHTCANARIES sing in a cage, above a child's coffin.

	Claudia is writing at a secretaire. She is writing in a
	diary with a quill pen in an adult hand. She murmurs
	the date as she writes.CLAUDIASeptember 21st, one hour after
		sunset. The sky is still violet,
		the way Louis loves and as always
		Lestat was gone when we rose.

	She looks up and sees Louis in the doorway, watching
	her.LOUISHow did you learn to write,
		Claudia?CLAUDIAThe way I learn everything. By
		watching you.

	She closes the diary.CLAUDIABut you never let me see you kill,
		Louis.LOUISLestat taught you all you need to
		know about that.CLAUDIAInfant death, he calls me. Sweet
		daughter death. You know what he
		calls you? Merciful death.LOUISHe jests.CLAUDIAWhy does he call you that?LOUISHush, Claudia don't talk about such
		things. Show me your book.

	She opens it. Inside there is a beautiful pen and ink
	portrait of Louis.LOUISClaudia! You did that?CLAUDIASit still. It's not finished -

	She begins to fill in the sketch.LOUIS (V.O.)Time can pass fast for mortals when
		they're happy. With us it was the
		same.EXT. RUE ROYALE - NIGHT (1800'S)Street lamps are oil at this period. Houses are now
	tall two-story Spanish style. Streets are flagstone.
	Passing carriages are black.LOUIS (V.O.)It was a very different life. And a
		new century was beginning. what had
		once been a small godforsaken
		French colony was growing into a
		great port, giving us an endless
		train of magnificent strangers...

	Claudia, Louis and Lestat, dressed in the same clothes
	walking through a raucous carnival with sideshows.
	Crowd milling around, sailors, whores, children,
	thieves, freed slaves, Indians. They pass a Wild West
	display, jugglers, fire-eaters, three-card
	tricksters...LOUIS (V.O.)All human life was here, for the
		taking. And we took, all three of
		us, in our different ways...

	They come to a raised platform where a troupe of
	perfectly-formed midgets do a burlesque show.

	Claudia stops. She stares, at these small, perfect
	creatures like herself, intrigued and troubled.

	Louis and Lestat walk on, not noticing as -CLAUDIACircles the troupe. She comes to a small tent, behind
	it. At the entrance stands a midget youth.YOUTHYou want to come inside, lovely?

	Claudia walks up to him.YOUTHEver been kissed?

	Claudia shakes her head. He kisses her. Claudia allow
	her to be kissed, then bites his tongue. he youth
	struggles, as Claudia holds him and drains him. She
	lets him go as Louis appears behind her.CLAUDIAShe's like me, Louis. Small and yet
		not small at all. Like me.

	Louis hurriedly draws her away.LOUIS (V.O.)I watched her grow yet stay the
		same, her doll-like face possessed
		of adult eyes, eerie, powerful,
		seductive...INT. FLAT - NIGHTClaudia playing the piano, now like a demonic Liszt.
	Louis writing.

	Lestat appears in the doorway. He has a big box in his
	arms.CLAUDIAAnother doll? I have ten, you
		realize.

	FOCUS ON early 19th Century French dolls - wood, glass,
	wax, bisque - all around the bedroom, on chairs, on the
	bed. Some newish, some tattered old.LESTATWell, I thought you could use
		another.

	He hands her the box. It is a fine Parisian Jumeau
	doll. She likes it and stokes its face.CLAUDIAWhy always on this night?LESTATWhat night? What do you mean?CLAUDIAYou always give me the doll on the
		same night of the year.LESTATI didn't realize.CLAUDIAIs this my birthday?

	He examines the other dolls.LESTATSome of these are so old and
		tattered. You should throw them
		away.CLAUDIAI have. Or there would be twice as
		many.LESTATBut you're the fairest by far.CLAUDIAYou dress me like a doll. You make
		my hair like a doll. Why?

	Lestat doesn't answer. Claudia stands up quickly, and
	strides out into the -PARLOURWhere Louis is reading by the window. She walks to a
	mirrored cabinet, takes out a scissors and begins
	cutting her hair.CLAUDIAYou want me to be a doll forever?LOUISClaudia - don't -CLAUDIAWhy not?

	She continues cutting. She sees Lestat emerge from her
	bedroom in the mirror behind her then turns to him, an
	angelic little boy's face now with soft curls around
	her face.CLAUDIACan't I change, like everybody
		else?

	She walks past him, back into her bedroom and slams the
	door.

	A beat. Louis looks from the mass of blonde hair on the
	floor to Lestat. Then a HORRID SCREAM pierces the
	silence. More screams, which become roars.INT. CLAUDIA'S BEDROOMShe stands before the dressing-table, all her long hair
	grown back over her shoulders. She holds it with both
	hands, screaming and screaming. Lestat and Louis come
	through the door.CLAUDIAWhich of you did it? Which of you
		made me the way I am?LESTATWhat you are? You would be
		something other than you are?CLAUDIAAnd if I cut my hair again?LESTATIt will grow back again!CLAUDIABut it wasn't always so! I had a
		mother once! And Louis - he had a
		wife! He was mortal the same as
		she! And so was I!LOUISClaudia -

	She turns on Lestat.CLAUDIAYou made us what we are, didn't
		you?LESTATStop her Louis!CLAUDIADID YOU DO IT TO ME????She runs at him with the scissors, scoring his face.
	The cut heals. She scores it again. It heals again. She
	stares at him in horror.CLAUDIA(whispering)
		How did you do it?LESTATAnd why should I tell you? It's in
		my power.CLAUDIAWhy yours alone? Tell me how it was
		done!!!!LESTATBe glad I made you what you are!
		You'd be dead not if I hadn't.

	He storms out. Louis goes to Claudia and picks her up
	in his arms.LOUIS(tenderly)
		We're immortal. You've always known
		that.CLAUDIATell me why... you've got to tell
		me...

	Louis carries her outside, onto the porch. There is an
	old flower-seller going by.LOUISYou see the old woman? That will
		never happen to you. You'll never
		grow old. You will never die.CLAUDIAAnd it means something else too,
		doesn't it? I shall never, ever
		grow up.

	She clutches Louis desperately.CLAUDIAI hate him. But I cannot bear to
		lose you. You're the only companion
		I have, forever. You taught me
		everything I know. Please tell me
		Louis. Tell me how it came to be
		that I am this... thing...

	Louis strokes her beautiful face, her hair.LOUISCome... I've something to show
		you...EXT. NEW ORLEANS STREETS - NIGHTLouis walking, holding Claudia as if he was about to
	lose her.LOUIS (V.O.)Though everything was changed,
		through the years had warped the
		contours of the streets, I found my
		way there, aware that I'd always
		known where it was and avoided it,
		not wanting to pass the doorway
		where I'd first heard Claudia cry.

	Louis back in the same street, outside the same house.
	He stands with Claudia at the window. There is a family
	inside, a picture of domestic tranquility.LOUISI heard you crying. You were there
		in a room with your mother. You
		were hugging her for warmth, crying
		pitifully as you had been for days.
		Because your mother was dead...

	Claudia stares at him, suddenly very cold, very alert.LOUISI opened the shutters... I came
		into the room... I felt pity for
		you. Pity, but something else.

	He can't go on. Claudia's eyes are remorseless.CLAUDIAYou... fed on me?LOUISAnd he found me with you. I ran,
		sickened at what I'd done. Then he
		cut his wrist and fed you from him.
		I tried to stop him, but you were a
		vampire then. And have been every
		night hereafter.CLAUDIAYou both did it?LOUISI took your life. He gave you
		another one.

	Claudia speaks through indrawn breath.CLAUDIAAnd here it is. And I hate you
		both.

	She runs.INT. ROOM SAN FRANCISCOMalloy and Louis.MALLOYBut why did you tell her?LOUISHow could I not? She had to know.MALLOYAnd did you lose her? Did she go?LOUISWhere would she have gone? She was
		a child, and beautiful,
		heartbreaking merciless child. And
		I had made her that...EXT. STREETS - NIGHTLouis, walking the streets, shivering.LOUISI walked all night. I walked as I
		walked years before when my mind
		swam with guilt at the thought of
		killing. I found myself at the
		Cathedral.

	A cathedral rising out of the mist, the doors open.LOUISI thought of all the things I had
		done and couldn't undo. And I
		longed for one second's peace...

	Louis walks towards the doors, inside.INT. CATHEDRAL - NIGHTLouis enters. The dim lights of candles. A sacristan
	tending the altar, an old woman praying - otherwise
	empty.LOUISI had no fear. If anything I longed
		for something to happen, for the
		stones to tremble as I entered the
		foyer.

	Louis walking down the nave of the church. He stops by
	the alter.LOUISI almost genuflected from old
		habit. I almost prayed.

	Louis sits in a pew.LOUISAnd then it struck me.LOUIS' POVThe cross, the statues, the tabernacle.LOUISWhat if the statues gave an image
		to nothing? What if I was the
		supernatural in this cathedral? The
		only immortal under this roof. And
		I felt nothing but loneliness.
		Loneliness to the point of madness.

	Suddenly a hand is laid on his shoulder. Louis almost
	jumps. He turns and sees the face of a grey-haired
	priest.PRIESTYou wish to go to confession? I was
		about to lock up the church.

	Louis stares at him, tears in his eyes.PRIESTYou are troubled, aren't you? Can I
		help?LOUISIt's too late, too late -PREISTNo, it's never too late. Come...

	The priest gestures to the confessional. Louis rises,
	slowly.INT. CONFESSIONALLouis, kneeling in the darkness. The hatch slides back.LOUISBless me father for I have sinned
		so often and so long, I don't know
		how to change nor beg for
		forgiveness.PRIESTSon, God is infinite in his
		capacity to forgive. Tell him from
		your heart.LOUISMurders, father, death after death.
		The woman who died two nights ago
		in Jackson Square, I killed her.
		And thousands of others before her.
		I have walked the streets of New
		Orleans like the Grim reaper. And
		fed on human life for my own. I am
		a vampire, father, and have turned
		the one I love most of all into on
		too -

	The hatch slams down. Louis rises, confused, and the
	door is flung open, the priest stands there.PRIESTDo you know the meaning of
		sacrilege?

	Louis rises. Walks out.LOUISThen there is no mercy.

	His face comes into the light. The priest steps back,
	open-mouthed.LOUISYou talk of sacrilege. Why if God
		exists does he suffer me to exist?

	He bares his fangs. The priest runs, screaming. Gets to
	the bellrope, begins to ring the bell. Louis swoops on
	him.LOUISWhy does he suffer me to live?

	Louis takes him, lifting him from the floor, till his
	feet stop kicking.INT. FLAT - NIGHTLouis enters, silently, like a corpse. He hears a voice
	behind him.CLAUDIALocked together in hatred -

	He turns, sees her sitting in the darkness. She is
	wearing a tiny nightgown of stitched lace and pearls,
	weirdly adult and seductive. She comes towards him.CLAUDIABut I can't hate you Louis.

	She sprays perfume over her body as she comes nearer.CLAUDIAIs this the aroma of a mortal
		child?

	She whispers.CLAUDIALouis. Lover.

	She kisses his cheek.CLAUDIAI was mortal to you. You gave me
		your immortal kiss. You became my
		mother and my father. And so I'm
		yours. Forever.

	She takes his face in her hands.CLAUDIABut now's the time to end it,
		Louis. Now's the time to leave him.LOUISHe'll never let us go.

	Claudia smiles.CLAUDIAOh... really?EXT. DOCKLANDS - NEW ORLEANS - NIGHTA sailing ship, by the docks. Louis and Claudia talking
	to a shipping-clerk.LOUIS (V.O.)So we made plans. She was convinced
		there were others of our kind in
		Europe, that they would have the
		answers Lestat couldn't provide.
		Lestat whom she now hated, who she
		thought she could be free of. I
		doubted, but then she had a
		surprise in store...INT. FLAT - NIGHTLestat playing the piano. Louis reading. Claudia
	enters, wearing a cape and hat. She walks to the piano,
	sits at the end of the piano and stares at him as he
	plays.LESTATWhat is it now? You irritate me!
		Your very presence irritates me!CLAUDIA(sweetly)
		Does it?LESTATYes. And I'll tell you something
		else! I've met someone who will
		make a better vampire than both of
		you.CLAUDIAIs that supposed to frighten me?LESTATYou're spoilt because you're an
		only child. You need a brother. Or
		I do. I'm weary of you both.CLAUDIAI suppose we could people the world
		with vampires, the three of us.LESTATNot you my dear.CLAUDIAYou're a liar. But you upset my
		plans.LESTATWhat plans?CLAUDIAI came to make peace with you, even
		if you're the father of lies. I
		want things to be as they were.

	Louis perks up, puzzled.LESTATStop pestering me then!CLAUDIAOh, Lestat. I must do more than
		that. I've brought a present for
		you.LESTATThen I hope its a beautiful woman
		with endowments you will never
		possess.

	Claudia stares at him for a moment.CLAUDIABetter than that.

	She takes his hand and leads him into an inner room.
	Louis follows behind.CLAUDIAYou haven't fed enough. I can tell
		by your color.INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHTTwo beautiful youths, lying asleep on a couch, by a
	table full with a half-eaten meal. Lestat sighs.LESTATOh, Claudia, you've outdone
		yourself. Where did you find them?CLAUDIADrunk on brandy wine. A thimbleful.
		I thought of you when I saw them.LESTATWe forgive each other then?

	Claudia stares at him, sitting. She nods.

	Lestat bites into the neck of one of the youths, sucks
	greedily and horribly. Claudia watches him without
	expression. He finished one, is about to take the other
	when he staggers. He looks at Claudia.LESTATAbsinthe? You gave them absinthe?CLAUDIANo. Laudanum.

	Lestat stares wildly at her, tries to move towards her,
	then slips to the floor.LESTATLaudanum!CLAUDIAYes. It killed them, unfortunately.
		But it keeps the blood warm.

	Lestat tries to rise.LESTATAh Louis, Louis, she killed them...
		and let me drink...

	Louis watches, appalled. He goes to move.CLAUDIADon't Louis -LESTATLouis, put me in my coffin...CLAUDIAI'll put you in your coffin.
		Forever.

	She pulls a knife out from under her shawl, walks
	rapidly to him and slashes his throat. Blood explodes
	from it.LOUISClaudia! Don't do this thing!!!LESTATLouis, Louis, I gave you the gift -
		help me -

	Claudia lacerates his face. Blood pours from
	everywhere. She plunges the knife in his chest. He
	falls back, fangs bared, clutching the knife. Claudia
	leaps on him then, bites deep into his neck as he dies.
	Louis screams, runs forward, pulls her away.LOUISWhat have you done, Claudia -

	He drags her off Lestat, tries to pull her out of the
	room. She hisses at him.CLAUDIALouis! Look what's happening to
		him!!

	Louis looks. The floor is a sea of blood. Lestat has
	begun to shrivel, as if he'd been a bag of blood. His
	skin is shriveling against his bones like parchment,
	his eyes are slipping back into his skull-like face.
	His lush, beautiful hair remains unchanged. But his
	clothes are virtually being emptied of the body. It is
	no more than bones, wrapped in paper and the pupils of
	the eyes suddenly roll up into the papered skull.LOUISLestat. Oh, God forgive us.CLAUDIADon't mock me, Louis. Help me.

	She stares at the shriveled skeleton in its skin
	wrapping. She is fascinated. She sees the vampiric
	blood flow all over the floor. She touches it and
	brings her finger to her lips.CLAUDIAGoodnight, sweet prince, may
		flights of devils wing you to your
		rest.

	Louis walks forward, touches the skeleton, the blonde
	hair.LOUISHe's dead, Claudia, dead.CLAUDIAThe one good lesson he taught me,
		Louis. Never drink from the dead.

	She stands up, all business suddenly.CLAUDIAHelp me. We must get rid of him.

	She drags the coverlet from the table, knocking the
	crockery over the dead youths, and wraps Lestat's
	skeleton in it. She takes a bunch of chrysanthemums and
	places them in his skeleton hands.CLAUDIAShould we burn him? Bury him? What
		would he have liked, Louis?LOUISDon't mock, Claudia...CLAUDIAThe swamp...EXT. CARRIAGE - NIGHTLouis whipping the horses. Claudia beside him. Lestat's
	skeleton in the back, with the bodies of the two dead
	youths.CLAUDIAIn Europe, Louis. We shall meet our
		own kind. Find the one who made
		him. Learn what it means.LOUISAnd suppose the one who made him
		knows nothing and the vampire who
		made him knows nothing, and it goes
		back, nothing proceeding from
		nothing, until there is nothing!
		And we must live with the knowledge
		that there is no knowledge.The carriage pulls up by a swamp. Mist everywhere.
	Overhanging creepers.LOUISAnd if we find the one who made
		him? Do we tell him we destroyed
		his own creation? The vampire
		Lestat?

	Louis drags out the bodies of the boys. He slides them
	into the waters of the swamp. We see ripples in the
	water and the churning of alligators, as they attack
	the corpses. Louis takes Lestat's skeleton in his arms.
	He slides it into the waters. The alligators speed
	towards it.CLAUDIAHe belongs with those reptiles,
		Louis. He deserved to die.LOUISThen maybe so do we. Every night of
		our lives. He was my brother. My
		maker. He gave me this life,
		whatever it is.CLAUDIAI did it for us, Louis. So we could
		be free.

	He stands there, saying nothing.CLAUDIALouis, look at me.LOUIS(bitterly)
		I can't. Go away from me.

	Claudia is shocked to her core. She steps back. Louis
	stares at the rippling waters. Gradually the movement
	of alligators stops. Then he hears a sound he hasn't
	heard in years. Soft, choking. He turns, sees Claudia
	sitting by a cypress tree, like a little girl for the
	first time in years. She is weeping copiously.LOUISClaudia - You're crying -

	We see her face, tears of blood running down it. She is
	heartbroken, lost.CLAUDIAYou never talked to me like that -
		in all these years.LOUISAnd you never cried -CLAUDIAI can't bear it when you do - I
		would die rather than lose you
		Louis. I would die the way he died.

	Louis gathers her in his arms.LOUISHush, Claudia, hush now my dear -CLAUDIATell me you don't hate me Louis. I
		did it for you -

	Louis walks her towards the carriage.LOUISI love you Claudia. Always. And we
		are free now, Claudia. No Lestat.
		Just the two of us, beginning the
		great adventure of our lives.

	He lifts her into the carriage and drives off, leaving
	the silent waters of the swamp.INT. FLAT - NIGHTSturdy mulatto workmen lifting cases and trunks out of
	the apartment. All the furniture is covered in white
	sheets. Claudia dressed in a cap and hat, is playing
	the piano by the light of one remaining oil-lamp.

	Louis comes from her room with the cage of canaries.LOUISThe birds. We forgot about the
		birds. There's nothing for it but
		to let them go.

	He opens the cage, and the canaries fly around the
	room.

	There is a knocking on the door. Claudia falters.CLAUDIAWhat was that?LOUISThe workmen must have a trunk -
		don't stop, cherie -

	He goes downstairs. Claudia plays a moment, then stops,
	perturbed. She goes to the window. Then sees something
	out there that makes her face go white. She screams.CLAUDIALouis!!!THE STAIRWAYLouis walking to the door. The knocking gets louder.THE PARLOURClaudia runs for the stairs, after Louis.THE HALLWAYLouis reaches the door. The knocking gets louder. He
	opens the door as -CLAUDIAReaches the stairs. She screams -CLAUDIADon't Louis -

	But Louis has opened the door. Nothing there. He looks
	back at Claudia, puzzled, then at the door again when,
	swooping into his vision comes the nightmare image of -LESTATIn filthy swamp-soaked rags, robust again, but his
	flesh shriveled, covered in scars, his eyes riddled,
	bloodshot. he roars.LESTATWHERE IS SHE? WHERE IS THATACCURSED CHILD?Louis throws his body against the door, slamming it on
	Lestat's reaching hand. The hand withdraws, as Lestat
	roars. Louis bolts the door.

	Louis runs up the stairs, sweeps Claudia in his arms,
	watching appalled as the door shudders with the force
	of Lestat's body.IN THE PARLOURLouis runs through with Claudia in his arms.LOUISIt can't be -CLAUDIAIt is! Take the back stairwell -

	Suddenly Lestat crashes through the casement window,
	scattering blood everywhere, reefing himself on the
	shattered glass. He tumbles to the floor and gets
	unsteadily to his feet.LESTATGIVE ME HER LOUIS!!Louis throws Claudia behind him and hurls himself on
	Lestat, who fights like a ravening animal, bits of his
	broken body coming off in the process. Then with a
	terrifying effort, Lestat hurls Louis off, goes for
	Claudia, who grabs the poker from the fireplace,
	scatters burning coals over him. He falls back, then
	comes at her again, as the drapes catch fire. Louis
	grabs the lamp.LOUISStay back - for the love of God...
		or I'll burn you alive...

	Lestat lunges again at Claudia.

	Louis hurls the lamp, which explodes him in flame.

	Lestat screams in agony, whirls around the room, then
	comes on Claudia again. She hurls another lamp.

	Louis throws the flaming sheets around him, wrapping
	him further in fire. Lestat falls to his knees,
	choking, hands up over his face in the smoke. The whole
	parlor is afire. Louis gathers up Claudia, smothering
	the burning house, carries her down the back stairs,
	through the carriage way and through the gathering
	crowds of mortals into the street.EXT. STREET - NIGHTLouis running, with Claudia in his arms. He looks back
	at the flames of the house. Sound of a ship's horn.CLAUDIAThe ship is sailing without us!LOUISNot yet. Holding her tightly, Louis
		runs.EXT. DECK OF SHIP - NEAR DAWNLouis stands at the railings in the morning mist as the
	ship moves down the river. He sees...CITY OF NEW ORLEANSWith flame lighting up the sky.LOUIS (V.O.)Though the fire seemed to spread
		through the quartier, I stood on
		that deck until dawn, fearful he
		would come out again of the very
		river like some monster to destroy
		us both. And all the while I
		thought, Lestat, we deserve your
		vengeance. You gave me the dark
		gift. And I delivered you into the
		hands of death for the second time.INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCOLouis and Malloy.MALLOYDid he die in the fire?LOUISHe was dead to us. We were free.
		That was all that mattered.EXT. SHIP - EVENINGThe ship, shrouded in mist.LOUIS (V.O.)Though the ship was blessedly free
		of rats, a strange plague
		nonetheless struck its passengers.

	A body is slipped into the sea. A priest reads last
	rites to a mourning family.INT. SHIPS HOLDTrunks and cases, creaking with the ship's movement.
	Dead rats everywhere.LOUIS (V.O.)Claudia and I alone seemed immune.
		We kept to ourselves, pondering the
		mystery of Lestat and the greater
		mystery of each other.EXT. SHIP - NIGHTPassing through the Straits of Gibralter.LOUIS (V.O.)We reached the Mediterranean. I
		wanted those waters to be blue.
		They were black, nighttime waters
		and how I suffered then, straining
		to remember the color that a young
		man's senses had taken for granted,
		that my memory had let slip away
		for eternity. It was black off the
		coast of Italy, black off the coast
		of Greece, Europe itself was black.EXT. DECK - NIGHTClaudia, sitting with an easel and sketch-pad,
	sketching the bay of Naples. A beautifully realized
	drawing, all in shades of grey and black. Louis
	observes.CLAUDIALouis, your quest is for darkness
		only. This sea is not your sea.
		They myths of men are not your
		myths. Their history isn't yours.

	The sketch changes to a sketch of -THE ACROPOLISIn the moonlight.LOUIS (V.O.)We saw the Acropolis by moonlight,
		shades of grey and silver. And I
		longed for the brilliant white of
		those marbles in the hot sun of
		Homer...

	The sketch changes to a sketch of -TRANSYLVANIAAnd the traditional shapes of the vampire landscape.LOUIS (V.O.)We docked at Varna and searched the
		rural countryside of the
		Carpathians, for what she liked to
		term "our kind"...MONTAGE OF SKETCHESA TRANSLYVANIAN VILLAGE, A GRAVEYARD.RUINED CASTLE AFTER CASTLE, LOOKING INTO THE SKIES...LOUISThe quest for these Old World
		vampires filled me with bitterness.
		We searched village after village,
		ruin after ruin and I was glad when
		always we found nothing. For what
		could the damned really have to say
		to the damned?INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCOMalloy and Louis.MALLOYYou found nothing?LOUISPeasant rumors, superstitions about
		garlic, crosses, stakes in the
		hear, all that - how do you say
		again? Bull shit. But one of our
		kind? Not a whisper.MALLOYNo vampires in Transylvania? No
		Count Dracula?LOUISFictions, my friend. The vulgar
		fictions of a demented Irishman...
		So we repaired to Paris...EXT. BOULEVARD FACADE OF GRAND HOTEL AND PARIS OPERACrowds and gaslight everywhere. Carriages, horses,
	OPERA coming from the opera house.LOUIS (V.O.)I think the very name of Paris
		brought a rush of pleasure to me
		that was extraordinary. I was a
		Creole, after all and Paris was the
		mother of New Orleans, a universe
		whole and entire unto herself...EXT. 18TH CENTURE PALACES ALONG THE SEINE - NIGHTThe high walls of the Louvre, dark figures walking in
	pairs through the shadowy tulieries.EXT. STREET - SHOP WINDOWClaudia, in furtrimmed muff and bonnet, peers through
	the glass at a display of dolls. Each doll in there
	seems to resemble her, with blonde hair and blue eyes.
	She peers deep into the shop and sees -

	MADELEINE, a young woman bent over a workbench painting
	a doll's face, oblivious to being watched.INT. OPERA STAIRCASELouis and Claudia hurrying hand in hand with a crowd of
	mortals towards the sound of an ORCHESTRA TURNING
	beyond.INT. NOTRE DAMEClaudia and Louis standing in the deep shadows, looking
	at the branching arches. Louis is overcome with
	sadness, Claudia is fascinated.INT. GALLERYLouis and Claudia walk among a series of mythological
	nudes by Poussin.INT. SALON - NIGHTClaudia, surrounded by discarded dresses and outfits,
	being attended by couturiers. All the clothes are tiny,
	to fit her frame, but have an adult cut and shape.LOUISWe were alive again. We were in
		love and so euphoric was I that I
		yielded to her every desire...INT. SUMPRUOUS HOTEL SUITEFull of late 19th century furniture, lots of Empire
	style, Regency, gilt, velvet and brocade.CLOSE ON A HUGE BLACK EBONY CHESTAgainst a wall, solemn among all the light and glitter.CLAUDIABy a large gilt mirror, in her new clothes. She is
	covered with jewelry, fixing earrings to her ears.CLAUDIAHelp me, mon chere...

	Louis walks over, helps her with the earrings.CLAUDIAHow do I look?LOUISStill my beautiful child.

	Claudia laughs.CLAUDIAA beautiful child! Is that what you
		still think I am?LOUISYes...

	He turns away.CLAUDIAWhy do you turn away? Why don't you
		look.

	She twirls, looking at herself in the mirror, then
	stops, stares at herself.CLAUDIAYou want me to be your daughter
		forever, don't you?LOUISYes.CLAUDIAWell tell me, papa. What was it
		like making love?

	Louis is stunned. He blushes.CLAUDIAYou don't remember? Or you never
		knew.LOUISIt was something hurries...and
		seldom savored... something acute
		that was quickly lost. It was the
		pale shadow of killing.CLAUDIABut how will I ever know, Louis?

	She stares at him through the mirror.CLAUDIAI'll never find them, will I? My
		own kind...EXT. BOULEVARD - EVENINGLouis and Claudia walk along a boulevard like father
	and daughter. All around them are bourgeois Parisian
	families on their evening stroll. Claudia points at the
	children that pass.CLAUDIAHave I anything in common with her,
		Louis?

	She points to a beautiful French child walking by with
	her mother.CLAUDIAOr her, or her - or any of them?LOUISClaudia, you torture yourself.CLAUDIAThey are ducklings, that will grow
		into swans. Whereas I must be the
		duckling forever.LOUISYou are more beautiful than any of
		them.EXT. DOLL-SHOP - NIGHTWe see Madeleine, inside, painting a doll's face. Louis
	and Claudia arrive outside.CLAUDIAAll her dolls resemble me.POVClaudia's face, with the dolls in the background. The
	resemblance is uncanny.CLAUDIAAre they my kind Louis? Dolls never
		change either.LOUISYou are neither, Claudia. Now stop
		this -

	Madeleine sees Claudia from inside. She waves.LOUISYou know her?CLAUDIAYes. Should I take her, Louis?
		Among her dolls? make a doll of her
		in turn?LOUISCome, Claudia...

	He takes her arm. But Claudia shakes him off, and moves
	into the shop.EXT. LATIN QUARTER - NIGHTLouis walks briskly, head bowed.LOUIS (V.O.)For a time we had been almost
		human, in the sensual whirl of what
		Paris had to offer. But the human
		delights of that city only served
		to remind her of the ageless child
		she had become. I felt her pain as
		I walked until I become aware that
		I was being followed.CLOSEUP - LOUIS' FEETWalking. A step echoes his.

	Louis stops. Turns, sees nothing. Then walks again. The
	echoing steps begin again.

	Louis again. Sees a shadow, flitting.LOUISClaudia!

	Nothing. He walks again, hears the same effect. Then he
	stops. He stares at a gaslamp opposite.LOUIS (V.O.)So it was when I had given up the
		search for vampires that a vampire
		found me...

	Santiago, a tall vampire, materializes under the
	gaslight. And Louis gradually realizes that this
	vampire has assumed the same attitude, posture, clothes
	and hair-style as Louis.

	Louis gives an involuntary shake of the head. Santiago
	mimics. Louis takes a step forwards. Santiago mimics.
	Louis folds his arms. Santiago mimics.LOUIS & STATIAGO(simultaneously)
		Clever.LOUISYou mean me harm?SANTIAGO(a beat later)
		You mean me harm?

	Louis calculates.LOUISTrickster. Buffoon!

	Santiago echoes the first word, but not the second.
	Louis has broken his composure. He turns his back on
	Santiago, only to come face to face with Santiago right
	in front of him.

	Again Louis turns this back to find Santiago facing
	him.

	Louis turns, glowers, refusing to look at him.LOUISI've searched the world for an
		immortal and this is what I find?

	Slowly he looks up. Santiago draws close, breaking the
	mirror trick and suddenly slams Louis back against the
	wall.

	Louis is furious. He regains his balance, strikes out
	at Santiago and when Santiago vanishes, to reappear
	behind him, Louis slams back his elbow into his
	midriff. Santiago staggers, amazed and then rushes at
	Louis, throwing him down.

	Louis rolls back to his feet, then to his amazement
	sees two vampires, on in front, on behind. He looks
	both ways, then sees one has vanished. He stares,
	awestruck, at this new one:ARMANDHe looks like an angel.ARMANDYou are all right.

	He reaches into his waistcoat, takes an engraved
	invitation out of his pocket and thrusts it at Louis.

	Louis reads it aloud, as we see:"THEATRE DES VAMPIRESBy Special Invitation
	Friday, 9 p.m."ARMANDBring the petit beauty with you. No
		one will harm you. I won't allow
		it. Remember my name. Armand.

	Armand bows and vanishes.

	Louis listens to the silence.EXT BOULEVARD DES CAPUCHINES - THEATRE DES VAMPIRES -NIGHTLouis formally dressed with Claudia in rich attire on
	his arm. They pass people buying tickets for the
	theatre and go inside.LOUISRemember what I've told you.
		They'll have different powers.
		They'll read your thoughts if you
		allow it.

	They draw close to:HUGE POSTERSReading -"THEATRE DES VAMPIRES PRESENTSTHE MASQUE OF THE RED DEATHBy Edgar Allen Poe"

	The posters are illustrated with cliched images of
	vampires overcoming damsels in distress.ANOTHER ANGLECLAUDIABut this can't be real. This is
		nonsense.LOUISNonsense all right. But something
		tell me it's going to be the
		strangest nonsense we've ever seen.

	Warily, they show their invitations to the mortal
	ticket taker at the door. He glances away
	indifferently.INT. THEATRE BOX - NIGHTClaudia and Louis look at the crowd as the lights go
	down.CLAUDIAMortals, mortals everywhere. And
		lots of drops to drink.LOUISThey are here. I know they are.
		Listen for something that doesn't
		make a sound.

	Stage: curtain rises.

	An elaborate painted set of an Italianate castle. Death
	standing before it, the traditional image of the Grim
	Reaper, complete with magnificent scythe.LOUIS(whispers)
		It's a vampire. It's the one I saw
		in Rue St Jacques.

	A version of the Poe story unfolds before them. All of
	the participants are vampires. All beautiful gleaming
	white, aged 20 or 30.LOUISThey use no paint. And the audience
		think it is paint.CLAUDIAHow devilishly clever.

	A spotlight uncovers a mortal woman suddenly forced out
	upon the stage.CLAUDIAShe's no vampire.LOUISNo. She's frightened. She doesn't
		know where she is.

	The audience laughs uneasily, then stops as the Mortal
	Woman comes into the footlights. She is too beautiful,
	too confused. Santiago, as Death, advances on her. She
	backs away, terrified, then sees the other vampires, in
	a phalanx, advancing from behind, in a half-circle.MORTAL WOMANI don't want to die!

	She looks around in panic. Santiago swoons, arms over
	his breast as if he is hopelessly in love.SANTIAGOWe are death!

	The Mortal Woman steps to the footlights.MORTAL WOMANSomeone help me. Please... What
		have I done?

	Louis whispers to Claudia.LOUISThis is no performance.CLAUDIAAnd no one knows but us...ON THE STAGESANTIAGOWe all die. Death is the one thing
		you share with all those here.

	Santiago gestures to the audience.AUDIENCERapt faces.ON THE STAGEMORTAL WOMANBut I'm young...SANTIAGODeath is no respecter of age. He
		can come any time, any place. Need
		I tell you what fate has in store
		for you?MORTAL WOMANI would take my chance. Let me go!
		Please...SANTIAGOAnd if you take that chance and
		live, what is your fate? The
		humpbacked toothless visage of old
		age?

	Santiago approaches her and tears the drawstring out of
	her peasant blouse. It opens completely and starts to
	slip. She tries to catch it, but gently stops her
	wrists. The blouse falls, exposing her young breasts.LOUIS AND CLAUDIALOUISThis is monstrous!CLAUDIAYes, and very beautiful.ON THE STAGESANTIAGOJust as this flesh is pink now, it
		will turn grey and wrinkle with
		age.MORTAL WOMANLet me live, please. I don't care.SANTIAGOThen why should you care if you die
		now?

	She shakes her head, confused. he catches her wrists
	behind her back.AUDIENCEIs awestruck by her beauty, her suffering.SANTIAGODraws near her cheek.SANTIAGOAnd suppose death had a heart to
		love and to release you? To whom
		would he turn his passion? Would
		you pick a person from the crowd
		there? A person to suffer as you
		suffer?AUDIENCEA young girl cries out in jest.YOUNG GIRLOh, yes, take me Monsieur Vampire!
		I adore you!

	Audience roars with laughter.ON THE STAGESANTIAGOYou wait your turn.

	The audience laughs again.

	The Mortal Woman shakes her head in panic.SANTIAGOWell, have you a sister, a mother,
		a daughter you would send in your
		place?CLOSE ON CLAUDIAEven she is repelled by the cruelty. She shakes her
	head.MORTAL WOMANShakes her head. She is helpless.SANTIAGOWe alone can give death meaning. Do
		you know what it means to be loved
		by death, to become our bride?

	Mortal Woman looks up on the verge of hysteria or
	fainting. But then her eyes mist over. She is being
	entranced.FROM HER POVWe realize she is looking past Santiago at the divinely
	beautiful Armand, who has just stepped out of the
	wings. Armand has entranced her. He passes Santiago.
	Santiago stiffens, but yields the stage.ARMANDNo pain.MORTAL WOMANNo pain?

	Armand takes her by the naked shoulders.ARMANDYour beauty is a gift to us.ON THE STAGEArmand gestures to the others who slowly, gracefully
	close in.ARMANDWho deserves such a gift?

	He pulls the drawstring from her skirt and it falls
	revealing her nakedness. But she is spellbound.MORTAL WOMANNo pain...

	Armand embraces her, drinks, her naked body stark
	against her black clothes, then he passes her to the
	other vampires one by one.CLOSE ON LOUISWho battles desire and hunger with anger.LOUISI've seen enough of this! I loathe
		it!CLAUDIABe still!ON THE STAGEThe naked Mortal Woman lies dead on the floor. The
	vampires seem to vanish one by one. As the curtain
	draws across, the Audience loudly applauds what they
	presume are theatrical tricks.ANOTHER ANGLEThe audience, milling towards the exits. They talk in
	vacuous terms about the beauty of the show, the
	symbolism of it, the daring of it as they leave.

	Gradually Louis and Claudia are left alone in the empty
	theatre. Louis seems anxious to leave. Claudia whispers
	in his ear.CLAUDIAPatience, Louis. Patience.

	He looks around the empty theatre, more eerie now than
	when the play was on. The red curtain shifts slightly
	in a hidden breeze, a candle sputters and dies in a
	box. Then the candle flares again, and we see Armand in
	the box, looking down on them. He stares with a dreamy
	expression, saying nothing.LOUISWe've been searching for you for a
		very long time...

	His voice echoes eerily. Armand gestures for them to
	follow him.INT. FOOT OF STAIRWAYArmand leading, Louis and Claudia following. It opens
	into a -HUGE UNDERGROUND BALLROOMWalls are painted with famous copies of Durer,
	Brueghel, Goya and Bosch depictions of death. Fine
	wooden coffins line the walls. Candles burn in sconces,
	casting alternate shadows and pools of light. Armand
	walks through, gesturing Louis and Claudia to follow
	him.

	As they walk through, vampire man and women appear out
	of the shadows like wraiths, startling them, drifting
	around them, stroking them, touching Claudia as if she
	were a doll. Shrieks of preternatural laughter.

	Armand gestures to the vampires to back off.

	All obey but ESTELLE.ESTELLESuch a darling.

	She menaces Claudia, her breasts enormous, her fangs
	bared. Armand throw her a look, and she is flung
	against the wall.

	Louis stares around. The vampires faces drift towards
	him and away, always disclosing the face of Armand, who
	seems some distance away, but strangely close, staring
	at Louis with a constantly calm, hypnotic gaze. Then a
	young mortal boy comes from the shadows with a
	candelabra, which he hands to Armand.

	Armand and the boy come towards them, leading them
	along the walls, his candelabra illuminating the
	ghastly murals, his face gleaming like an angel above
	the candleflame.LOUISMonstrous.ARMANDYes, and very beautiful.LOUISYour lips, they didn't move.ARMANDThey did, but too fast for you to
		see them. No magic, just grace and
		speed.

	The boy is watching Louis. Armand's hand beckons and
	the boy draws up to Louis in the candlelight. He places
	his arms on Louis' shoulders. Louis glances at Armand,
	who smiles. Louis sees the puncture marks on the boy's
	neck.ARMANDHe wants you...

	Louis is utterly confused. Can't resist. Drinks his
	blood.

	The boy's body presses against him, sensual, willing.
	The other vampires appear all around Louis, who
	suddenly senses it and draws away, ashamed.

	Claudia watches warily, from a distance. Armand beckons
	at her and Louis and open a door in the wall which
	reveals a stone staircase.INT. MEDIEVAL ROOMMedieval chairs, table, an old coffin, a bed in one
	corner, a blazing fire. A medieval painting of Satan,
	being banished from heaven, above the fire. Armand
	places the boy on the bed, settling him so he sleeps.ARMANDDisappointing, isn't it? To come so
		far and find so little. Jaded
		ingenues, amusing themselves with
		make- believe...LOUISWe had feared we were the only
		ones...ARMANDBut how did you come into
		existence?

	He glances at Louis, then at Claudia, who averts her
	eyes.ARMANDYou don't want to answer... Two
		vampires from the new world, come
		to guide us into the new era as all
		we love slowly rots and fades away.LOUISAre you the leader of this group?ARMANDIf there were a leader, I would be
		the one.

	Claudia stares at him constantly, guarded.LOUISSo you have the answers...ARMANDAh! You have questions?LOUISWhat are we?ARMANDNothing if not vampires...LOUISWho made us what we are?ARMANDSurely you know the one who made
		you...LOUISBut the one who made him, who made
		the one who made him, the source of
		all this evil...

	Louis looks at the picture. Armand watches him.ARMANDThat is a picture, nothing more.LOUISYou mean we are not children of
		Satan?ARMANDNo.

	He smiles at Louis. A smile of infinite compassion.ARMANDI understand. I saw you in the
		theatre, your suffering, your
		sympathy for that girl. I saw you
		with the boy. You die when you
		kill, you feel you deserve to die
		and you stint on nothing. But does
		that make you evil? Or, since you
		comprehend what you call goodness,
		does it not make you good?LOUISThen there is nothing.ARMANDPerhaps...

	He passes his finger through the candle flame.ARMANDAnd perhaps this is the only real
		evil left...LOUISThen God does not exist...ARMANDI have not spoken to him...LOUISAnd no vampire here has discourse
		with God or the Devil?ARMANDNone that I've ever known. I know
		nothing of God or the Devil, I have
		never seen a vision nor learnt a
		secret that would damn or save my
		soul. And as far as I know, after
		four hundred years I am the oldest
		living vampire in the world.

	He stares at them, his face angelic, hypnotic, young.
	His eyes hold them both in a trance.LOUISMy God... So it's as I always
		feared. Nothing, leading to
		nothing.ARMANDYou fell too much. So much you make
		me feel...

	He stares from Claudia to Louis. He seems to be reading
	their souls.ARMANDThe one who made you should have
		told you this. The one who left the
		old world for the new...LOUISHe knew nothing. He just didn't
		care.ARMANDKnew? You mean he is...

	Claudia appears suddenly to Louis' shoulder,
	interrupting.CLAUDIACome, beloved. It's time we were on
		our way. I'm hungry and the city
		waits.

	She stares hard at Armand. Armand looks from her to
	Louis.ARMANDSo soon to go?

	He seems genuinely regretful. But Claudia pulls Louis
	out.INT. DARKENED CORRIDORS AND THEATRE - NIGHTLouis and Claudia feel their way through darkened
	corridors, trying to find their way out.LOUIS (V.O.)The place was dark as we left, a
		darkness that confounded even
		Claudia. And as we blundered
		through it, again came the thought:
		I have wronged Lestat, I have hated
		him for the wrong reasons.

	Suddenly a light comes on. They see they are in the
	empty theatre. Santiago stands on the stage, under a
	candle.SANTIAGOHow did you wrong him?

	Louis is stunned.LOUISYou read my thoughts?SANTIAGOYou said a name -LOUISA name I don't want to say again.SANTIAGOI seemed to recognize it...

	Other vampires appear behind him.SANTIAGOThere is but one crime among us
		vampires here.

	He looks at Claudia.SANTIAGOYou should know, who are so
		secretive about the vampire who
		made you.

	Claudia laughs.CLAUDIABoredom!SANTIAGOIt is the crime that means death to
		any vampire. To kill your own kind!CLAUDIAAaaah! I was so afraid it was to be
		born like Venus out of the foam, as
		we were! Come Louis, let's go!EXT. HOTEL SAINT GABRIEL - NIGHTClaudia and Louis enter the Lobby.CLAUDIAI loathe them! I can't stand the
		sight of them! Stupid bourgeois
		Parisians, all dressed in black
		like some private club! I've
		searched for them the world over
		and I despise them!LOUISWhat danger?CLAUDIAI can feel it from them! They want
		to know who made us, what became of
		him. They have their rules, their
		idiotic rules!

	They come to their room, enter.INT. HOTEL ROOMS - NIGHTLouis closes the door behind him. Claudia paces.LOUISDo you think I would let them harm
		you?CLAUDIANo, you would not, Louis. Danger
		hold you to me.LOUISLove holds you to me. And we are in
		danger, not you.CLAUDIALove?

	She smiles at him. A strange, sad, adult smile.CLAUDIAYou would leave me for Armand if he
		beckoned you.LOUISNever.CLAUDIAHe wants you as you want him. He's
		been waiting for you. He wants you
		for a companion. He bides his time
		that place. he finds them as dull
		and lifeless as we do.LOUISThat's not so.CLAUDIADo you know what his soul said to
		me without saying a word? When he
		put me in that trance...LOUISSo you felt it too!CLAUDIALet him go, he said. Let him go.

	She touches his face.CLAUDIAIs that what I should do Louis? Let
		you go? My father? My lover? My
		Louis, who made me?

	There are tears in her eyes. Louis lifts her up in his
	arms.LOUISHe can protect us, Claudia.CLAUDIAYou really believe that?EXT. DOLL-SHIP - NIGHTClaudia, staring at the dolls. We see Madeleine inside,
	painting a doll. She sees Claudia and smiles and waves.INT. THEATRE - NIGHTLouis, sitting alone in the box, as the curtains draw
	back, to show Santiago as death, as before. Louis takes
	advantage of the darkness to slip away.INT. ARMAND'S ROOM - NIGHTArmand opens the door to Louis' knock.ARMANDI was waiting for you...LOUISListen to me.

	He follows Armand into the room.LOUISClaudia is dear to me. My...
		daughter.ARMANDYour lover.LOUISNo, my beloved, my child.ARMANDIf you say so. You are innocent.LOUISI'm not innocent. But I'm afraid.
		She feels she's in danger from the
		others.ARMANDShe is.LOUISBut why?ARMANDI could give you reasons. Her
		silence. Her youth. It's forbidden
		to make so young, so helpless, that
		cannot survive on its own.LOUISThen blame the one who made her...ARMANDDid you kill this vampire who made
		you both? Is that why you won't say
		his name? Santiago thinks you did.LOUISWe want no quarrel with him.ARMANDIt's already begun. If you want to
		save her, send her away.LOUISThen I leave too.

	Armand smiles.ARMANDSo soon? Without any of those
		answers you so longed for?LOUISYou said there were none.ARMANDBut you asked the wrong questions.
		Do you know how few vampires have
		the stamina for immortality? How
		quickly they perish of their own
		will.LOUISWe can do that?ARMANDYou would never give up life. If
		the world were reduced to one empty
		cell, on fragile candle, you stay
		alive and study it. You see too
		clearly. You see too much.LOUISThat's what the one who made me
		said.ARMANDHow he must have loved you.

	Armand suddenly grips Louis close to him.ARMANDLouis, I need you more than he ever
		did. I need a link with this
		century. The world changes. We do
		not. Therein lies the irony that
		ultimately kills us. I need you to
		make contact with this age.

	Louis laughs bitterly.LOUISHe? Don't you see? I'm not the
		spirit of any age! I'm at odds with
		everything and always have been!
		I'm not even sure what I am!

	Armand smiles.ARMANDBut Louis, that is the very spirit
		of your age. The heart of it. You
		fall from grace has been the fall
		of a century.

	Louis is stunned.LOUISAnd the vampires of the Theatre?ARMANDLike moths around the candle of the
		age. Decadent, useless. They can't
		reflect anything. But you do. You
		reflect its broken heart.

	Louis is speechless.ARMANDAre these not the answers you came
		for?LOUIS(softly)
		Yes... My God...ARMANDA vampire with a human soul. An
		immortal with a mortal's passion.
		You are beautiful, my friend.
		Lestat must have wept when he made
		you -LOUISLestat! You knew Lestat!ARMANDYes I knew him. Knew him well
		enough not to mourn his passing.

	Armand stands. He takes Louis by the arm, leads him
	towards the back wall.ARMANDBut you must go now. You must get
		her safely out of Paris.

	He opens a hidden door in the wall.ARMANDNo-one else knows of this door.
		When you knock you will find me
		waiting...EXT. THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - NIGHTLouis, in the street outside, as the door closes behind
	him.LOUIS (V.O.)I felt a kind of peace at last. I
		had found the teacher which Lestat
		could never, I knew now, have been.
		I knew knowledge would never be
		withheld by Armand. It would pass
		through him as through a pane of
		glass. And I knew Claudia must
		leave me...INT. HOTEL SUITE - NIGHTLouis enters. There is unfamiliar scent in the air, a
	doll sitting by the mirror. Louis looks in the mirror
	and sees...MADELEINEThe doll-maker, resplendent in green taffeta, sitting
	like a Madonna with Claudia on her lap. Claudia's arms
	are wound round her neck. The contrast between mortal
	woman and immortal child is plain.CLAUDIAMadeleine... Louis is shy.

	Madeleine rises and comes towards Louis. She draws back
	the lace fringes round her throat, so he can see the
	two marks there. She says softly, dreamily.MADELEINEDrink.

	Louis turns away. Claudia speaks, icy, from the bed.CLAUDIADo it Louis. Because I cannot do
		it. I haven't the strength. You saw
		to that when you made me.

	Louis turns to Madeleine.LOUISYou haven't the vaguest conception
		under God of what you ask!MADELEINEAu contraire, monsieur, I have.

	Louis pushes her away. Claudia screams.CLAUDIAYou have found your new companion,
		Louis! You will make me mine!

	Louis grips Madeleine and shakes her.LOUISHow do we seem to you? Do you think
		us beautiful, magical, our white
		skin, our fierce eyes? Drink, you
		ask me! Have you any idea of the
		thing you will become?CLAUDIAYour evil is that you cannot be
		evil! And I will suffer for it no
		longer!LOUISDon't make me, Claudia! I cannot do
		it!CLAUDIAYet you could do it to me!
		Snatching me from my mother's hands
		like two monsters in a fairy-tale!
		Couldn't you have waited? Six more
		years and I would have had that
		shape! And now you weep! You
		haven't tears enough for what
		you've done to me.

	She points to MadeleineCLAUDIAYou give her to me! Do this before
		you leave me!

	She begins to weep, sobbing like a child.CLAUDIAOh God! I love you still, that's
		the torment of it. But you know I
		must leave you Louis...LOUISYes...CLAUDIAAnd who will care for me my love,
		my dark angel, when you are gone?

	Louis looks at MadeleineLOUISYou promise to care for her then?MADELEINEYes...LOUISAnd you know what you ask for?

	She wraps her arms around Claudia.MADELEINEYes.LOUISWhat do you think she is,
		Madeleine? A doll?MADELEINEA child who can't die...

	Her finger clutches a locket around her neck, Louis
	touches it, opens it.THE LOCKETA picture of a young girl, Claudia's age, wistful,
	beautiful.LOUIS(softly)
		And the child who did die?MADELEINEMy daughter...

	Louis takes her chin in his hand, gently.LOUISLook at the gaslight. Don't take
		your eyes off it. You will be
		drained to the point of death, but
		you must stay alive. Do you hear
		me?MADELEINEYes!

	Louis pulls her to him and starts to drink her blood.EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - LATERLouis on the balcony, weakened terribly. A breeze blows
	on the gauze curtains behind him, through which we
	see...

	SILHOUETTES of Madeleine and Claudia. Madeleine her
	arms outstretched, now a vampire, a long moan of pain
	coming from her. Claudia comes through the curtains,
	alarmed.CLAUDIA(whispers)
		Louis!

	Louis speaks without turning.LOUISShe is dying. It happened to you
		too, but your child's mind can't
		remember.CLAUDIABut if she dies...LOUISIt's only mortal death.

	He turns to look at Claudia.LOUISBear me no ill will, my love. We
		are now even.CLAUDIAWhat do you mean?LOUISWhat died tonight inside that room
		was not that woman. It will take
		her many nights to die, perhaps
		years. What has died in that room
		tonight is the last vestige in me
		of what was human.

	She takes his hand.CLAUDIAYes father. At last. We are een.

	He bends down and kisses her. He looks up, at the
	wafting curtains. He sees -MANY VAMPIRE SHADOWSSilhouetted, coming closer.CLAUDIALooks up and screams.THE CURTAINSAre ripped aside. The vampires of the Theatre surge
	through.ESTELLETime for justice, little one.

	The vampires close on them as Louis struggles,
	Claudia's scream pierces the night air.INT. CORRIDOR OF THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - NIGHTIn a press of vampires, Louis, Claudia and Madeleine
	are forced down the dark corridor. Into -THE BALLROOMVampire chaos, as they are dragged through. Louis
	struggling like a demon.LOUISArmand! Get me Armand! he wouldn't
		countenance this -SANTIAGOYou can make no demands here!
		Buffoon! Bastard -

	Santiago strikes Louis to the ground. As he struggles
	to his feet, he sees the vampires part around a figure
	coming through. He gasps at the sight of -LESTATDressed beautifully, but horribly scarred now, from the
	fire as well as the earlier stabbing. Lestat is
	confused, ancient, teetering, reaching for Santiago's
	shoulder to steady himself.LESTATLouis...SANTIAGOIs he the one?

	Lestat shakes his head.LESTATNo, the child. The child was the
		one...SANTIAGOAll the murderers!!!LOUISYou are alive, Lestat! It can't be
		murder! Tell them how you treated
		us...

	Lestat reaches out to Louis.LESTATNo... You come back to me Louis...LOUISAre you mad???ESTELLEThe sentence is death! To all of
		them!!!LESTATOnly the girl - it was the girl -

	The sound of something being dragged through the crowd.
	Horrible echoing, scraping -

	Lestat grips Santiago.LESTATYou promised me - I could take him
		back to New Orleans - Louis -
		there's something I must tell you -
		about that night - that night I met
		you -

	He stares around him, confused. The scraping gets
	louder.LOUISYou let her go, Lestat - you let
		her free - and I'll come back with
		you -

	Santiago grabs Louis by the neck.SANTIAGODeath for the others. For you
		eternity in a box -

	We see now what caused the scraping. A huge metal
	coffin being dragged through the vampires. Claudia
	screams.SANTIAGOWalled in a dungeon. Your only
		company will be your screams...
		Perhaps it will take centuries...

	The vampires grab Louis. They force him towards the
	coffin. Lestat struggles with them.LESTATHe's coming home with me - you
		promised -SANTIAGO(laughing)
		We promised nothing!

	Louis struggles fiercely as he is forced into the
	coffin. Claudia weeps.LOUISThey've fooled you, Lestat! You
		must reach Armand! Armand has the
		power!

	Louis, struggling in the coffin. Then the lid is forced
	down, huge locks closed over it.INT. COFFINLouis, in the smallest imaginable space. Beating his
	forehead against the metal.EXT. COFFINClaudia, throwing herself on the coffin, crying. She is
	dragged away. Vampire hands drag the coffin across the
	stone floor.INT. COFFINLouis, forehead pouring with blood, being thrown this
	way and that. The coffin is lifted, upside down, Louis'
	head crashes off the floor.EXT. COFFINIs thrust into a niche in the wall. Bricks being placed
	over, mortar trowelled on.INT. COFFINLouis upside down. Sounds of bricks and mortar. Then
	terrifying, unearthly scream pierces the coffin,
	striking to his very soul.LOUISClaudia!!!

	He loses consciousness.BLACKNESSINT. COFFINLouis sleeps, upside down. Sound of bricks being
	broken, thrown aside. Then of locks breaking.

	Louis opens his eyes. The lid opens. He sees -ARMANDAbove him, reaching down to take
		his hand.ARMANDHurry. Don't make a sound.

	Louis gets out, into a vast long catacomb. Louis runs
	to the end of it, steps through a broken brick wall.LOUISWhere is she? Where's Claudia?ARMANDFollow me - that way - through my
		cell -

	He points to his cell at the end of the passage, the
	foot of the steps. Sound of rain beyond the door.LOUISNot without Claudia. Where is she?ARMANDI can't save her.LOUISYou can't believe I'd leave without
		her. Armand! You must save her! You
		have no choice.ARMANDLouis, I can't save her. I will
		only risk losing you -

	Louis runs up the stone stairs. It leads to the
	ballroom. He enters.

	Estelle stands far off, looking at him coolly. She
	lifts the stage skull mask and laughs softly behind it.
	A male vampire slumps in a chair staring softly at
	Louis.

	Silence. Indifference.

	Louis sees Lestat sitting in a far corner. he rushes up
	to Lestat, who looks up at him, confused. He's holding
	something crumpled, made of cloth.LESTATYou'll come home with me Louis? For
		a little while... until I am myself
		again.LOUISCLAUDIA!!!Louis turns round and round in rage. Passive still
	faces. A door bangs open and shut.

	Louis looks again at Lestat. He snatches the cloth from
	Lestat's hand. We see it is a small torn bloodstained
	dress. Claudia's dress.

	The door bangs again. Estelle laughs. Rain gusts into
	the ballroom.

	Louis goes to the door, holding the dress. Armand
	approaches, trying to pull him away, but Louis shrugs
	him off. He draws nearer and nearer and stairs at -INT. BRICK AIRWELLOn the stones lie Claudia and Madeleine, burn to ashes,
	in each other's arms, like the corpses of his wife and
	daughter in the New Orleans graveyard, embracing each
	other.

	Only Claudia's blond hair and Madeleine's red hair
	remain unburnt.

	Louis looks up at the walls of this airwell, many
	stories to the sky. He cries out in agony.

	Santiago appears behind him, staring. Louis roars in
	horror and attacks Santiago, scattering the ashes into
	the rainy wind. Claudia's golden locks fly up into the
	wind, they whirl around the warring figure.

	Armand appears, drags Louis free, pulls him screaming
	from the airwell, into the ballroom, towards the exit.

	Claudia's hair is sucked up by the wind through the
	airwell, towards the night sky.EXT. NOTRE DAME DOOR - NIGHTLouis is slumped against the stone wall. Armand stands
	beside him like a guardian angel.ARMANDI couldn't prevent it.LOUISI don't believe you. I do not have
		to read your soul to know that you
		lie.ARMANDLouis, they cannot be brought back.
		There are some things that are
		impossible, even for me.LOUISYou let them do it.

	Louis climbs to his feet.LOUISYou held sway over them. They
		feared you. You wanted it to
		happen.ARMANDLouis, I swear I did not.LOUISI understand you only too well. You
		let them do it, as I let Lestat
		turn a child into a demon. As I let
		her rip Lestat's heart to pieces!
		Well I am no longer that passive
		fool that has spun evil from evil
		till the web traps the one who made
		it. Your melancholy spirit of this
		century! I know what I must do. And
		I warn you - you saved me tonight,
		so I return the favor - do not go
		near your cell in the Theatre Des
		Vampires again.EXT. THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - DAWNWet and deserted, the streets around the theatre are
	quiet.CLOSEUP - CLOCKChiming five a.m.CLOSE ON LOUISLooking at the paling sky. He is in an alleyway,
	outside of Armand's cell. He has a huge keg with him.
	he finds the door unlocked. He enters.INT. CELLEmpty. The hearth is cold. The old coffin is gone.
	Louis silently closes the door to the passage and
	blocks it with an immense bar. He goes in the other
	door.INT. THEATRELouis hurls kerosene all over the stage, the curtain,
	the sets, the seats below. He grabs the scythe from the
	playlet. He walks out. Dribbling a trail of kerosene
	behind him.INT. STAIRSLouis walking rapidly down, leaving the trail of
	kerosene. He creeps quietly into the -BALLROOMLeaking kerosene from the cask. He splashes over the
	coffins that gleam in the dimness.

	Then he strikes a match and heaves it into the
	kerosene. Everything bursts into flame. The trail of
	kerosene roars into fire through the ballroom over the
	coffins and up the stairs. We hear EXPLOSIONS of fire
	from above.LOUISShudders all over, fighting the morning weakness. He
	readies the scythe, like the grim reaper.ESTELLERises from her burning coffin, screams and tries to run
	through the fire but Louis slashes her down with the
	scythe and she goes down screaming, her dress in
	flames.ESTELLEStop him. It's morning. The
		sunlight. Stop him.

	Others rise, choking in the smoke. Screams from
	everywhere. They are burning.

	Louis backs up the stairs to the -DUNGEONHe can see there a thin pale light under Armand's
	bolted door. Suddenly -SANTIAGOComes at him from behind. Louis turns. Santiago rushes
	him in a blur. Louis swings the scythe, too fast to see
	what he himself is doing. Santiago's head streaming
	blood flies through the air.

	The body drops, flapping its arms.

	SCREAMS come from everywhere.

	Another vampire rushes burning towards Louis. He
	decapitates him in turn. Then he staggers into Armand's
	cell, and bars the door the connects it to the ballroom
	behind him. He staggers to the outer door. There is a
	thin strip of daylight, beneath the door, blinding him.
	He throws it open, and staggers into the daylight.EXT. THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - DAWNLouis staggers out of the burning theatre, into the
	thin daylight. Great gusts of smoke cover the street.
	He staggers through the daylight, weakening, about to
	fall, when through the clouds of smoke comes -A MAGNIFICENT HEARSEAs in a dream, driven by Armand's human boy. The door
	of the hearse opens. Through the curtains enclosing the
	interior, we see Armand. He reaches a hand out to Louis
	and pulls him inside.

	The hearse vanishes through the smoke, leaving the
	spectacle of the burning theatre.EXT. THEATRE DES VAMPIRES - TWILIGHTThe gutted Theatre and ballroom, the roof collapsed,
	exposed to the evening sky. The life of Paris goes on
	around it, oblivious.INT. LOUVRE - NIGHTS LATERIt is already a museum by this time and Louis and
	Armand, fancily dressed and composed, walk through it.
	They stop by a Gericault - The Wreck of the Medusa.LOUISYou didn't even warm them, did you?ARMANDNo.LOUISAnd yet you knew what I would do.ARMANDI knew. I rescued you, didn't I?
		From the terrible dawn.LOUISYou were their leader. They trusted
		you.ARMANDYou made me see their failings,
		Louis. You made me look at them
		with your eyes.

	He looks at Louis affectionately.ARMANDYour melancholy eyes...LOUISWhat a pair we are. We deserve each
		other, don't we?ARMANDWe are a pair, and that's what
		counts.

	Armand and Louis walk slowly through the Louvre
	together. Camera follows them for a while, then comes
	to rest on a sunrise by Turner.LOUIS (V.O.)We left Paris shortly after. For
		years we wandered. Greece, Egypt,
		all the ancient lands. Then, out of
		curiosity, perhaps, boredom, who
		knows what, I took him home, to my
		America...INT. MOVIE THEATRE - NIGHTA deco cinema of the twenties. Louis and Armand,
	dressed in the style of the period walk down the aisle
	through the crowded seats.LOUIS (V.O.)And there, a technological wonder
		allowed me see sunrise, for the
		first time in two hundred years...

	On the screen, Murnau's "Sunrise", in black and white.
	We see a montage of sunrises, from a whole range of
	movies, in black and white.LOUIS (V.O.)And what sunrises! Seen as the
		human eye could never see them. We
		would sit in the dark, night after
		night among nameless humans,
		entranced with the miracle of
		light. Silver at first, then as the
		years progressed in tones of
		purple, red and my long-lost
		blue...

	The SUNRISES continue, in color now, and the
	backgrounds in them change to the fifties.LOUIS (V.O.)And in time parted. We had become
		so alike, we both wanted the
		certainties of loneliness once
		more.

	The lights come up in a different theatre. Louis
	sitting there, alone, in a half empty theatre, dressed
	in the clothes of the fifties. He rises, exits with the
	others.EXT. NEW ORLEANS STREET - NIGHTCars rushing by, twentieth-century madness. Louis
	emerges from the theatre, walks through the streets.LOUIS (V.O.)I had returned to new Orleans. As
		soon as I smelt the air, I knew I
		was home. There was sadness there,
		rich, almost sweet, like the
		fragrance of jasmine. I walked the
		streets, savoring it like a long
		lost perfume...EXT. GARDEN DISTRICT - NIGHTLouis walks past the many Greek Revival Mansions.LOUIS (V.O.)And then on Prytania Street, only
		blocks from the Lafayette cemetery
		I caught the scent of death and it
		wasn't coming from the graves...

	CAMERA PANS OVER white-walled Lafayette cemetery and
	its surrounding mansions.LOUIS (V.O.)The scent grew stronger as I
		walked. Old death. A scent too
		faint for mortals to detect.

	Louis sees rats darting across the street. They rush
	into a great overgrown garden surrounding a ruined
	mansion. No lights.

	Louis stops at a rusted gate. He forces it open and
	enters -A VERITABLE JUNGLEOf overgrown rose and oak tree and wisteria. he sees a
	faint glimmer of light coming from a distant glass
	window of a huge Greek Revival house. He approaches
	then he sees -OLD SHRIVELLED CORPSEOf a man, long dead and dried up, snagged in the thorny
	rosevines.LOUISLooks around. Walks on. Sees another corpse, almost
	nothing but bones, sinking into the wet earth, the
	roots of an oak overgrowing it.

	He looks up at the distant light.

	He passes a third corpse, caught in wisteria and rose
	vine, only bones and clothes.LOUIS (V.O.)They were like the doomed princess
		caught in the thorny vines of
		Sleeping Beauty's castle. I knew
		what it meant. A vampire had lured
		them here, but had been to weak to
		get rid of them.

	Louis sees dead rats lying near the steps.LOUIS (V.O.)It spelt weakness, madness, the
		behavior of a dying animal that
		pollutes its own lair.

	Louis treads carefully on the rotted steps. he moves
	along the porch. More dead rats. He sees through the
	floor-length window into rooms lined with stacked
	books. Virtually walled with them. Water seeps down
	from the ceiling, gleaming as it streaks over the
	books. The floors of the splendid rooms are bare,
	except for a rotten French chair by a dead fireplace. A
	single mirror reflecting the moon.

	Dead rats.

	He moves along the porch to the parlor windows. The
	candle flickers inside. He sees -HIS POVLestat lying on the floor. He is gaunt to near
	starvation. All his scars are gone, but he is almost a
	skeleton and his eyes are enormous in their sockets.
	His clothes are rags. Blond hair beautiful, as always.MALLOY'S ENTRANCES FACE SUPERIMPOSED OVERMALLOY (V.O.)Lestat escaped the fire!LOUIS (V.O.)He hadn't even been there. And all
		those years I thought he was dead.BACK TO LESTATOne tiny candle stands beside him. He reads an early
	comic, from the turn of the century. Without turning
	his head, he speaks.LESTATI'm so glad you're here Louis...
		I've dreamed of your coming...LOUISDon't try to speak... it's
		alright...LESTATI didn't mean to let them do it...
		that Santiago, he tricked me...LOUISThat's all past, Lestat.LESTATYes. Past... she should never have
		been one of us...

	He turns and looks at Louis. Old, fearful, broken.LESTATStill beautiful Louis. You always
		were the strong one.LOUISDon't fear me, Lestat. I bring you
		no harm.LESTATYou've come back to me, Louis?
		You've come again to me?

	Louis shakes his head. A series of police sirens go by,
	piercing the night sky. A helicopter goes overhead. Red
	flashes illuminate his face. Lestat shivers, covers his
	ears. He's terrified. Louis touches him, calming him,
	until the lights pass over.LOUISIt's only a siren...LESTATI can't bear it Louis! The machines
		out there, that fly and that roar!
		And such lights! They make the
		night brighter than the day!LOUISAnd they frighten you?LESTATYou know I love the dark. But
		there's no dark anymore.LOUISIt's false light, Lestat. It can't
		harm you...LESTATIf you stayed with me Louis, I
		could venture out... little by
		little... become the old Lestat.

	Louis shivers. He releases him.LOUISI have to go now Lestat...LESTATYou remember how I was, Louis.. the
		vampire Lestat...LOUISYes. I remember...

	Lestat shivers.LESTATI tried to tell you Louis... that
		night in Paris... when I first came
		to you... no-one can refuse the
		dark gift, Louis... not even you.LOUISI tried...LESTATAnd the more you tried, the more I
		wanted you... a vampire with your
		beautiful, suffering human heart.
		And how you suffered... I need your
		forgiveness, Louis.LOUISYou have it...

	Louis walks slowly away from him. Lestat turns back to
	his candle, his magazine.LESTATYou'll come back, Louis... take me
		out... little by little... and
		maybe I'll be myself again...

	A bluebottle buzzes by him. His hand shoots out and
	grabs it, squeezes the blood.LOUIS(whispering)
		Yes, Lestat...ON LOUISAs he walks through the decayed house. His eyes are
	expressionless.LOUIS (V.O.)And my story ends there. But in
		fact it ended a long time ago, with
		Claudia's ashes in that theatre. My
		love died with her. I never really
		changed after that. What became of
		Lestat I have no idea. I go on,
		night after night. I feed on those
		who cross my path. But all my
		passion went with her yellow hair.
		I ma a spirit with preternatural
		flesh. Detached. unchangeable.
		Empty.INT. ROOM. SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT (PRESENT)Malloy, staring at Louis.MALLOYNo... it can't end like that...LOUISBut it has. There is no more to
		tell.MALLOYBut you talk about passion, about
		longing, about things I'll never
		know in my life! It's still inside
		you, in every syllable you speak!
		And then you tell me it ends like
		that? Just empty?LOUISIt's over, I'm telling you...MALLOYYou need a new passion, Louis, a
		new reason to feel... what a story
		you've told, you don't understand
		yourself.

	Louis looks at the cassettes on the table.LOUISDo what you want with it. Learn
		what you can. Give the story to
		others.

	Malloy rises.MALLOYYou have another chance, Louis.
		Take me! Give me your gift, your
		power...

	Louis is slowly horrified, then outraged and angry.LOUISIs this what you want? You ask me
		for this after all I've told you?MALLOYIf I could see what you've seen,
		feel what you've felt I wouldn't
		let it end like this! You need a
		like to the world out there, a
		connection... then it won't end
		like this...

	He stares at Louis.MALLOYYou need me.

	Louis turns away.LOUISDear God. I've failed again,
		haven't I?MALLOYNo...LOUISDon't say anymore. The reels are
		still turning. I have but one
		chance to show you the meaning of
		what I've said.

	He looks at the boy. Then suddenly grabs him, lifts him
	off the floor, bares his terrifying fangs and brings
	them to his throat. Malloy screams, in involuntary
	terror.LOUISYou like it? You like being food
		for the immortals? You like dying?
		Is it beautiful? Is it intense?

	Malloy, now terrified, whispersMALLOYNo... please...

	Louis drops him.LOUISThank God.

	Malloy, falls on the floor, terrified. When he looks
	up, Louis has vanished.MALLOYLouis... Louis...

	He looks up at the tape. It is still turning.MALLOYHoly shit...

	He shakes his head. He gets up, and with shaking
	fingers gathers his tapes. He runs out of the room.EXT. STREET OUTSIDE - NIGHTMalloy running for his car, a convertible. He leaps in
	and screeches off through the night.EXT. STREETS - NIGHTMalloy whips the car through the tiny streets, in
	sheer, unfocused terror.MALLOYJesus...EXT. GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE - NIGHTMalloy driving with streams of traffic over the bridge.
	He breathes deeply, to calm himself. He takes a tape
	from his pocket, and with still shaking hands, sticks
	it in the deck.LOUIS (V.O.)(tape)
		1791. That's when it happened. I
		was twenty-four. Younger then you
		are now.

	Suddenly a bony hand shoots out from the back seat,
	pulls his neck backwards -LESTATSinks his teeth in his neck.MALLOY'S HANDSOn the wheel, shaking, shuddering, losing their grip.MALLOY'S EYESBulging, as the life drains out of him. Lestat sucking
	him like a rat.THE WHEELSwinging free of Malloy's dying hands.THE CARVeers wildly into oncoming traffic.LESTATDrinks regardless.A TRUCKComing towards them, about to crush the car.LESTAT'S BONY HANDGrabs the wheel, jerks it as he drinks.THE CARMisses the truck by inches.LESTATThrows Malloy to one side, climbs into the front seat.

	The tape is playing.LOUIS (V.O.)(tape)
		My invitation was open to anyone.
		Sailors, whores, thieves. But it
		was a vampire that accepted...ON LESTATAt the wheel, the corpse of Malloy in the passenger
	seat. He smiles. We can see the blood renewing him.LESTATDear Louis... will I ever forget?EXT. GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE - NIGHTLestat drives on, the car a tiny speck against the
	bridge, the sea, the sky beyond, with the first fingers
	of light spreading through it.FADE OUTTHE END