AN EDUCATIONWritten by

                               Nick Hornby1    INT. SCHOOL. DAY                                              1JANUARY 1962. MONTAGEA nice girls' school in a south west London suburb. We see         
     girls doing what girls did in a nice girls' school in 1962:        
     walking with books on their heads, practising their                
     handwriting, making cakes, playing lacrosse, dancing with          
     each other.1A   INT. CLASSROOM. DAY                                          1AIn one of the classrooms, MISS STUBBS, an attractive,              
     bright, animated schoolteacher, is talking to a small group
     of sixteen-year-old girls. Some of these girls seem to be
     daydreaming - looking out of the window, examining their
     fingernails. A couple, including a bespectacled girl who           
     looks five years younger than everyone else in the class,
     write down everything the teacher says. Only one, JENNY,
     beautiful and animated, seems to be listening in the spirit
     in which Miss Stubbs would like her to listen. She's
     smiling, eyes shining - she loves Miss Stubbs, and these
     lessons. Miss Stubbs asks a question, and Jenny puts up her        
     hand - the only one in the class to do so.MISS STUBBS(mock-sighing)                                       
               Jenny. Again.JENNYIsn't it because Mr Rochester's                          
               blind?2    INT. BEDROOM. DAY                                             2Jenny's bedroom. Books about ponies, a much loved teddy
     bear; a cello huge in the small room leans against the
     wall.

     Jenny is bent over a small desk. Victorian novels, Latin
     primers and dictionaries teeter in huge towers either side
     of her. She stands and stretches as she turns to us.

     She kneels and flicks through her half-dozen or so LPs on
     the floor near a cheap record player - they're all
     classical, mostly by Elgar, apart from a Juliette Greco
     record. This is the one she chooses. As the music begins,
     she sings along.

     Immediately there is a thumping noise - someone underneath
     her is banging on the ceiling impatiently.MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)I don't want to hear any French
               singing. French singing wasn't on
               the syllabus, last time I looked.2.Jenny sighs, and reaches for the volume control. She turns
    the music down so low that she has to lie down and put her
    head right next to the Dansette to hear it.

    Close on Jenny as she silently mouths the words along with
    the almost inaudible track.3   INT. LIVING ROOM. DAY                                         3Jenny, her mother and father are finishing Sunday lunch.
    Jenny's father JACK is in his forties, MARJORIE, her mother        
    is slightly younger than Jack, but every bit as middle-
    aged. The food is grey and brown, in keeping with the
    colour scheme of the house. They aren't talking - they're
    listening to Mantovani on the radio. Jenny gets up from the
    lunch table.JENNYI've got an English essay to do
              by tomorrow morning.JACKI don't want to hear anything
              through the ceiling this
              afternoon, apart from the sound
              of sweat dripping onto textbooks.JENNYCello?JACKNo cello.JENNYI thought we agreed that cello
              was my interest or hobby?JACKIt's already your interest or
              hobby. When they ask you "What's
              your interest or hobby?" at your
              Oxford interview, you can say,
              "Cello". That wouldn't be a lie.
              You don't need to practise a
              hobby. A hobby is a hobby.JENNYOr interest.JACK(ignoring her)
              You don't need to be good at it.
              You just have to be interested in
              it.3.JENNYCan I stop going to the youth
              orchestra, then?JACKNo. The orchestra shows you're a
              joiner-inner. Universities like
              joiner-inners.JENNYAh. Yes. But. I've already joined
              in. So now I can stop.JACKWell, if you stop, that shows the
              opposite, doesn't it? That shows
              you're a rebel. They don't want
              that at Oxford.JENNYNo. They don't want people who
              think for themselves.JACK(missing the sarcasm, as
                   is his wont)
              Course they don't.4   INT. SCHOOL HALL. DAY                                         4Jenny with cello sits in the string section. Everyone is
    getting settled, tuning up, latecomers still arriving.
    Along the row from Jenny, tuning his violin, is a nice-
    looking boy of her age, GRAHAM, and she waves at him. Two
    13 year old boys sitting between them wave too,
    parodically, and then blow kisses, much to Graham's
    embarrassment and Jenny's fury.

    The silly boys dissolve in fits of giggles: this is clearly
    one of the funniest moments of their lives - until one of
    them farts noisily and, it would appear from all the
    frantic gesturing, pungently. The comic value of the fart
    tops even the comic value of the wave, and they are
    scarcely able to stay seated, such is their mirth.5   EXT. SCHOOL. DAY                                              5Jenny and Graham are talking while he struggles to take his
    bike out of a bicycle rack slightly unbalanced by the
    violin strapped to his back. Graham is nervous,
    chronically unconfident and shy.GRAHAMShould I wear, you know, Sunday
              best?4.JENNYYou'd better, I'm afraid. Just to
              show my father you're un jeune
              homme serieux, not a teddy boy.GRAHAMOh, God.JENNYIt'll be all right. I won't wait.                        
              It's going to bucket down in a                           
              minute. I'll see you at the                              
              weekend.                                                 

    Jenny moves as quickly as she can towards the street.GRAHAMOh, yes. Bye.

    The two silly boys from before arrive to blow more kisses.SMALLER BOY 1Goodbye, darling! See you at the                         
              weekend! I will miss you with all                        
              of my heart!

    Graham blushes. Jenny swipes the chief offender over the
    head with her sheet music.6   EXT. BUS STOP. DAY                                            6The rain has begun. Jenny attempts to cover herself. A             
    mother and two children cross the road in front of her, and
    a beautiful, sleek red sports car - a Bristol - stops to
    let them across. David, possibly in his mid-thirties,
    dapper, and almost but not quite handsome, is driving the
    car. David, distracted, impatient, spots Jenny at the bus
    stop.

    In front of the car a small wellington boot drops off the
    foot of one of the children,further slowing down their
    painfully slow progress across the road.

    Jenny is wet. David makes eye contact. Jenny smiles
    ruefully, and enchantingly. David sighs, and then hesitates
    for a moment. The window of the Bristol slowly rolls down.DAVIDHello.

    Jenny ignores him.DAVIDListen. If you've got any sense,
              you wouldn't take a lift from a
              strange man.5.Jenny smiles thinly.DAVIDI am, however, a music lover, and
              I'm worried about your cello. So                         
              what I propose is, you put it in                         
              the car and walk alongside me.JENNYHow do I know you won't just
              drive off with the cello?DAVIDAh. Good point.

    He winds down the other window and waves on the cars that
    have stopped behind him.DAVIDHow much does a new cello cost?
              Twenty pounds? Thirty? I don't
              know. Let's say thirty.

    He pulls out a wallet, takes out three ten-pound notes,
    hands them to her.DAVIDThere. Security.

    Jenny laughs and waves the money away.7   EXT. STREET. NEAR SCHOOL. DAY.                                7Later. The cello is in the back seat of the Bristol. Jenny
    is trotting alongside the car, while David leans
    nonchalantly across the passenger seat to talk to her while
    driving.DAVIDI'm David, by the way.

    She says nothing.DAVIDAnd you are...?JENNYJenny. (Beat) I've never seen a
              car like this before. C'est tres
              chic.DAVIDIt's a Bristol. Not many of `em
              made.

    Jenny nods, but doesn't know how to respond.6.DAVIDHow did the concert go?JENNYIt was a rehearsal. The concert's
              next Thursday.DAVIDWhat are you playing?JENNY(making a face)
              Elgar.DAVIDAh, Elgar. I often think it's a
              shame he spent so much time in
              Worcester, don't you? Worcester's
              too near Birmingham. And you can
              hear that in the music. There's a
              horrible Brummy accent in there,
              if you listen hard enough.

    Jenny looks at him and smiles. She hadn't expected him to
    be able to make Elgar jokes.DAVIDAnyway, I'm not sure Elgar and                         
              Jews mix very well.JENNYI'm not a Jew!DAVID(smiling)
              No. I am. I wasn't...accusing
              you.JENNYOh. (She smiles awkwardly.) Can I
              sit in the car with my cello?

    David stops the car.DAVIDJump in.8   INT. CAR. DAY                                               8Jenny shuts the door and sinks approvingly into the white
    leather seat. David regards the dripping girl with
    amusement.JENNYIt's even nicer on the inside.7.DAVIDWhere to, madam?

     Jenny makes a face.JENNYI only live round the corner.DAVIDWhat a shame. We'll just make it
               last as long as we can.9    EXT. STREET. NEAR JENNY'S. DAY                               9The Bristol is crawling along the road at walking pace.10   INT/EXT. CAR JENNY'S HOUSE. DAY                              10David reaches across Jenny while driving slowly, opens the         
     glove compartment and takes out a packet of cigarettes.DAVIDSmoke?JENNYI'd better not. I'm a bit close
               to home.

     David lights one for himself.DAVIDI suppose cellists must go to a
               lot of concerts.JENNYWe don't go to any concerts. We                          
               don't believe in them.DAVIDOh, they're real.JENNYSo people say.DAVIDWhy don't we believe in them?JENNYI suppose...What would he say?DAVIDYour father, this is?8.JENNY(Darkly)
               Oh, yes. He'd say there's no
               point to them. They're just for
               fun. Apart from school concerts,
               of course, which are no fun at
               all, so we go to those. The
               proper ones don't help you get                         
               on.DAVIDWhich of course is what is so                          
               wonderful about them. Anyway,
               you'll go one day.JENNY(heartfelt)
               Yes. I will. I know. Sometimes it
               seems as though that's what all
               this slog is for. If I get to
               University, I'm going to read
               what I want and think about what
               I want and listen to what I want.
               And I'm going to look at
               paintings and go to French films
               and talk to people who know lots
               about lots.DAVIDGood for you. Which University?JENNYOxford. If I'm lucky. Did you go
               anywhere?DAVIDI studied at what I believe they
               call the University of Life. And
               I didn't get a very good degree
               there.

     Jenny smiles.JENNYThis is me. Thank you.

     She gets out of the car with the cello. David stares after
     her for a moment, then drives off.11   INT. JENNY'S SITTING-ROOM. AFTERNOON                       11Jenny, her parents and Graham are eating afternoon tea -
     neat fish-paste sandwiches, Battenberg cake, best china.MARJORIEHow's your mother, Graham?9.GRAHAMShe's fine, thanks. She sends her
          best, by the way.JACKWhere are you applying, Graham?

Jenny looks embarrassed. She knows what's coming.GRAHAMI'm not sure yet.JACKWell, when will you be sure? You
          can't let the grass grow under
          your feet, you know. Otherwise
          you'll be at the back of the
          queue.JENNY(deadpan)
          I suppose so. I suppose the
          growing grass would knock you off
          balance, and then you'd fall
          over, and by the time you picked
          yourself up, there'd be a queue.

Her father shoots her a look - is she being cheeky?GRAHAMI might take a year off.

Jenny winces. Jack looks at him as if he's just said he'll
take all his clothes off.JACKWhat for?GRAHAM(mumbling)
          I don't know. Maybe do some
          travelling, that sort of thing.JACKTravelling? What are you, a teddy
          boy?

Close-up of Jenny - she knows what's coming, and can't bear
it. Beat.JACK(nodding at Jenny)
          You know she's going to Oxford,
          don't you? Oxford. English. If we
          can get her Latin up to scratch.

Jenny sighs.10.JACKSo she's studying English at
                Oxford while you're a wandering
                Jew...

      Jenny looks at him curiously. Graham steels himself to
      speak.GRAHAMMr Mellor...I'm not a teddy boy.
                I'm an homme serieux. Jeune. An
                homme jeune serieux homme.

      Jenny winces again. Her father stares at Graham. Graham
      blushes.12    INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. EVENING                                 12It's the night of the youth orchestra concert. Jenny, her
      mother and father are on their way out of the door. Jack is
      carrying the cello. Jenny is in her school uniform, with
      her hair scrubbed back in a severe ponytail. The three of
      them are flustered. Jenny opens the front door for her
      father and he stumbles outside.JENNYOh!12A   INT/EXT. JENNY'S HOUSE. EVENING                             12AShe has seen something on the doorstep, and she stoops to
      pick it up - a large bunch of flowers.JENNYThey're for me!MARJORIE(curious)
                Who are they from?

      Jenny opens the card that's attached to them.JENNYGosh. Him.MARJORIEWho's `him'?JENNYJust...A chap I met.MARJORIEA chap who sends flowers? So he's
                a man-chap?11.JENNYYes, he is, really.

Jack stares at the flowers in disbelief. The bunch of          
flowers has created in Jack the kind of panic and fear more
typically associated with a biochemical attack.JACKWhat's going on here?MARJORIE(drily, knowing the
               trouble this will
               cause)
          Jack,I'm afraid Jenny has been
          sent some flowers by a chap.JACKA chap? What kind of chap? Who?
          Why?JENNY(patiently)
          He's wishing me luck for tonight.JACKAre you sure that's all he's
          wishing? And where does he get
          the money from?JENNYHe earns it, I expect.JACKWhat do you mean, he earns it?
          Why isn't he at school? What does
          he do?JENNYCan we just go? Otherwise the
          bunch of good-luck flowers will
          actually be responsible for me
          actually missing the concert.
          Which would be ironic, n'est ce
          pas?JACKWell I don't like it.MARJORIEObjection noted. Jenny?JENNYNoted.12.JACKTen bob's worth of luck, I
                reckon. That's a lot for a
                schoolgirl. You can't leave them
                out here, anyway. I'd burgle a
                house that had flowers outside.
                They'll think we're made of
                money.12B   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. EVENING                                12BJenny sighs, puts them inside the house, shuts the door.13    INT. COFFEE BAR. DAY                                       13Jenny and two school friends, HATTIE and TINA, are sitting
      at a table in a typical late-50s coffee bar, sipping
      cappuccinos. Jenny is easily the most attractive of the
      three - and also, we will see, possibly the cleverest.
      HATTIE is slower than the other two, and a lot frumpier;
      TINA is pretty, and sharp rather than clever. She is also
      the least middle-class of the three - she's clearly a
      scholarship girl. They are all dressed in an unflattering
      and unambiguous school uniform - no attempts to disguise it
      with more fashionable accessories. Jenny is smoking
      pretentiously, and seems to be practising some kind of
      pout. Tina starts to slurp the froth from her cappuccino
      with a spoon, inelegantly and noisily. Jenny tuts her
      disapproval. Tina sighs, and puts her spoon down.JENNYThe whole point about him is that                       
                he doesn't feel.TINAWe still don't have to like him.JENNYCamus doesn't want you to like
                him. What he's trying to say is
                that feeling is bourgeois. Being
                engagee is bourgeois. His mother
                dies and he doesn't feel
                anything. He kills this Arab and
                he doesn't feel anything.TINAI wouldn't feel anything if my
                mother died. Does that make me an
                existentialist?JENNYNo. That just makes you a cow.13.HATTIEUne vache.

     Laughter.14   EXT. STREET/COFFEE BAR. DAY                                   14Jenny, Hattie and Tina emerge from the cafe, talking.JENNYWell I'm going to be French. I'm
                 going to Paris and I'm going to
                 smoke and listen to Jacques Brel
                 and wear black. And I won't
                 speak. Ever. C'est plus chic,
                 comme...

     She breaks off. Parked outside a tobacconists on the other
     side of the road is the red Bristol. She looks towards the
     shop, and David emerges with a copy of the Times and a
     packet of cigars. Jenny crosses the road to talk to him
     while the others watch.DAVIDHello.JENNYHello. Thank you.DAVIDHow did it go?JENNYOh, fine. I think. I mean, I
                 didn't mess my bit up, anyway.
                 And no-one got thrown out of the
                 orchestra afterwards.DAVIDAlways the mark of a cultural
                 triumph. Listen. I'm glad I ran
                 into you. What are you doing on
                 Friday?JENNYGoing to school.DAVIDI meant the evening.JENNY(embarrassed)
                 Oh. Yes. Of course. Nothing.14.DAVIDBecause I'm going to listen to                       
          some Schubert in St John's, Smith                    
          Square. My friends Danny and                         
          Helen will be going too, so it
          wouldn't be...I'll tell you what.
          I'll come and pick you up, and if
          your mother and father
          disapprove, then you can have the
          tickets and go with one of them.
          How does that sound?

Jenny doesn't know what to say. She looks at David, and his
eagerness to please seems to convince her.JENNYThank you. And I'd like you to
          take me. I'd like to go with
          someone who knows when to clap.DAVIDI usually watch Danny. He knows
          that sort of thing.

Jenny smiles.DAVIDSeven? And we'll probably go for
          a spot of supper afterwards, if
          you...But if you, if that's
          not...Well, we can always put you
          in a taxi.JENNY(flat disbelief)
          Supper.DAVIDIf you want.JENNYThe trouble is, we'll already
          have eaten.DAVIDWell. I mean, if you'd like
          supper, then, perhaps on Friday
          you could...not eat?JENNY(embarrassed again)
          Oh. Yes. Of course.

Jenny smiles, and rejoins her friends on the other side of
the road. Tina and Hattie are standing there almost with
their mouths open, amazed. She doesn't say anything and
starts to walk on.15.TINAI'm sorry. I just had the
          strangest dream. I dreamed you
          crossed the road and spoke to a
          handsome man with the most
          beautiful car I've ever seen. And
          then you came back and you didn't
          mention it.

Jenny smiles enigmatically. Tina grabs Jenny mock-urgently.TINA`Oo wazzee?JENNY(light, playful)
          Just a man who's been trying to
          pick me up. We're going to a
          concert on Friday night. And then
          we're having a spot of supper.TINA(shrieking)
          A spot of supper?JENNYYou've heard of supper?HATTIEWe've heard of it. But we've
          never eaten it.JENNYNeither of you is interested in
          the concert part, I notice.HATTIENo. Of course not.TINAOh my God! I've only just
          realised! That's what's going to
          happen to you, isn't it? Look at
          her! Men are going to pick her up
          in the street and take her out to
          supper!HATTIEGod, you're right, Tina. I hadn't
          thought of that. Look at her.JENNYDon't be so daft.TINAWe're trying to attract the
          attention of boys.16.And she's fighting off men.
               Anyway. You're going to have to
               tell us more than that.JENNYWhy?HATTIEBecause no man's ever   going to
               ask us out to supper.   Not until
               we're ladies, anyway.   You're
               going to have to tell   us
               everything. Otherwise   it's not
               fair.JENNYThere won't be anything to tell.TINAWell, make something up, then.15   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. EVENING                                  15Jenny is dressed up for her evening out. She looks good,
     but also stiff, uncomfortable - she's not herself in her
     dress, which looks too old for her. Her father is standing
     in front of her, shouting.JACKI won't allow it!JENNY(coolly)
               Fine. He's quite happy for you to
               take me.JACK(uncertainly)
               Right. I will.JENNYGood.JACKWhere is it?JENNYSt John's Smith Square.JACKWhere's that?JENNYI don't know. I'm sure we could
               find out.

     Marjorie comes into the room.17.MARJORIEIt's in Westminster. Just around                    
          the corner from the Abbey.                          

Jack looks at her as if she'd just given directions to the
nearest opium den.JACKHow d'you know that?MARJORIEI had a life before we were
          married, you know.JENNYHe soon put a stop to that.JACKThere we are.JENNYWhere are we?JACKNear Westminster Abbey. I'm not                     
          going all the way over there.JENNYThe trouble is, that's where St                     
          John's Smith Square is.JACKAnd I've just said. That's where
          I'm not going. There must be
          something on locally. Where's the
          paper?MARJORIEJack, she wants to see someone
          who can play. She doesn't want to
          see Sheila Kirkland scratching
          away. I'll take her.JACKAnd how are you going to get over                   
          there? RAF helicopter?                              

The doorbell rings.JENNYThat's him. Now what?JACKOh, bloody hell.MARJORIEJack!18.Jenny starts towards the door, and then turns.JENNYOh, and by the way...David's a
           Jew. A wandering Jew. So watch
           yourself.

She   goes to the door.JACK(panic-stricken and
                 shouting)
           What's she talking about? I've
           never said anything like that in
           my life! Anyway, it's just an
           expression! I'm not against the
           Jews!

Jenny comes back in with David, who is dressed stylishly in
his early-60s young executive leisurewear - sports jacket,
slacks, cashmere sweater. He looks out of place - he is
brighter and brasher than his surroundings, the most
colourful thing in the room, and he seems intimidatingly
exotic.

David has obviously heard Jack's last line.DAVID(pleasantly)
           I'm glad to hear it. Hello. David                   
           Goldman.                                            

He offers his hand.JACKI didn't mean I'm not against
           you... Actually, I did mean that,
           because I'm not, but...JENNYDad!

David's hand is still extended - in his confusion and
embarrassment, Jack hasn't yet taken it. He does so now,
and shakes it for way too long.JACKI'm sorry. What I'm saying is
           that you're not the sort of, of
           person I'd be against, if I were
           the sort of person who was
           against...people. You're not an
           old...Oh, dear. I'm Jack, and
           this is Marjorie.19.DAVID(deadpan)
          You didn't tell me you had a
          sister, Jenny.

General confusion, until David chuckles naughtily. Marjorie
giggles, and then offers her hand.DAVIDYou're a lucky man, Jack.JACKI suppose I am, yes.

They all sit down.DAVIDSo. Gosh. (He looks around
          approvingly.) This is lovely.

Marjorie smiles.MARJORIEThank you.JACKI'm sorry, David. Can I get you a
          drink?DAVIDI'd love one, Jack, but we're
          running a little late. If Jenny's
          ready, perhaps we'll shoot off.

Jenny looks at her father, and takes a calculated gamble.JENNYAh. Well. Dad's got something to
          tell you.JACKNo, no, nothing...It was more of
          a question, really. How would you
          get to St John's Smith Square                        
          from here? For future reference?DAVIDOh, it's a pretty straight run,
          really. Up to Hammersmith, take                      
          the A4 through Kensington and                        
          you're there.JACKSimple as that.DAVIDSimple as that.20.Jack smiles broadly.MARJORIE(playfully)
          So shall I book some tickets for                     
          something?JACK(still smiling)
          No.

Beat.JACKBack by ten, please, David. She's
          usually in bed by then.

Jenny winces.DAVIDI was hoping Jenny would come
          with me afterwards to have a bite
          of supper with my aunt Helen.

Jenny studies him carefully. Suddenly his friends Danny and
Helen have become `Aunt Helen'.JACKOh, well, I suppose...DAVIDHow about if I promise to have
          her in by eleven thirty?JACKWell, it's Friday night. And if
          you're going out to the West
          End...DAVIDThanks, Jack. I appreciate it.
          See you again.

They exchange warm handshakes. He turns to Marjorie.
Marjorie extends her hand. David takes it, but kisses it
suavely,leaving her a little flustered.MARJORIEHave a nice time.JENNYBye.

Jenny and David leave.21.JACK(sniffing the air)
                What's that smell? Has he got
                perfume on?MARJORIEIt's called after-shave, Jack.
                And it makes a change from
                carbolic soap.JACKAt least there's no confusion, if
                you smell of carbolic soap.

      Marjorie rolls her eyes.MARJORIENobody's ever going to get
                confused about you, dear.15A   EXT. ST JOHN'S, SMITH SQUARE. NIGHT                        15AJenny and David walk toward the beautiful hall. Jenny             
      suddenly looks young in the dress that looks too old for          
      her - other adults are milling around outside, and the            
      women don't look like girls dressed up. David makes for an        
      incredibly glamorous and attractive couple in their late          
      twenties who are waiting outside - DANNY and HELEN. Helen         
      is as far from anyone's idea of an aunt as one can get.           
      She's no more beautiful than Jenny, but she's dressed both        
      appropriately and spectacularly, in early-60s, pre-hippy          
      Bohemian gear. She turns heads in a way that Jenny is not         
      yet able to. Danny too is attractive, but soberly so. David       
      and Jenny are, in a way, paler, less striking versions of         
      these two.DAVIDHello hello. Are we late?HELENI was hoping we'd miss the                              
                beginning, and then it wouldn't                         
                be worth going in, and we could                         
                go off dancing or something.DANNYHelen is one of the more                                
                reluctant members of tonight's                          
                audience.                                               

      Jenny and David laugh politely.DAVIDJenny, these are my friends Helen                       
                and Danny.22.Jenny shakes hands with the two of them. They both give her      
     fascinated and clearly appraising looks. They have heard         
     about her.DAVID (CONT'D)Shall we?                                              

     They walk into the hall.16   INT. ST JOHN'S SMITH SQUARE. NIGHT                         16It's a beautiful hall - Jenny is dazzled by the                  
     surroundings and the company. She's particularly bowled          
     over by Helen.HELENLook. We can leave our coats                           
               over there. I want to get rid of                       
               this.

     She nods at the coat she's carrying. Jenny looks thrilled        
     at the prospect of spending a couple of minutes with Helen.      
     Danny hands Helen his coat, without saying anything. The         
     girls walk over to another reception table a few yards           
     away, behind which is a cloakroom. A lady is exchanging          
     overcoats for tickets. Almost involuntarily, Jenny touches       
     the sleeve of Helen's velvety jacket. She stops herself.
     Helen notices.JENNYI'm so sorry.HELEN(amused)
               That's OK. It's nice, isn't it?JENNYIt's beautiful. Where did it come
               from?HELENOh, South Ken somewhere.

     Helen looks at Jenny's outfit, her frumpy `smart' dress,
     apparently wanting to return the compliment.HELEN(nodding at the dress)
               This is...Well, it's good for
               this sort of concert, isn't it?JENNY(quietly)
               Thank you.23.Helen is now at the front of the queue, and hands her coat
over imperiously.HELENWe should go shopping together
          one day, if you want.

She takes a ticket from the cloakroom lady.JENNYThat would be nice. But South
          Ken... C'est beaucoup trop cher
          pour moi.

They stare at each other. Helen is bewildered, Jenny
embarrassed.HELENSorry?JENNYI just said....It was too
          expensive for me.HELENNo you didn't. You said something
          completely different.JENNYI just...Well, I said it in
          French.HELENIn French? Why?

Jenny feels humiliated; she is yet to realise what we can
see - that Helen is simply very dim.JENNYI don't know.

Jenny looks away. Helen stares at her. The performance bell
rings, and they make their way back to the men. To Jenny's
surprise and pleasure, Helen links arms with her as they
walk.HELENAnyway. It's too expensive for
          me, too. We don't have to worry
          about that. If you want something
          in South Ken, get David to take
          you shopping.JENNYWhy on earth would he want to
          take me shopping?24.Helen makes a knowing face.17   INT. ST JOHN'S SMITH SQUARE. NIGHT                           17David, Jenny, Danny and Helen in a row in the middle of the
     auditorium, watching the stage and listening to the music.
     Jenny can't concentrate - she's too excited by the occasion
     and the company. Jenny sneaks a glance at Helen, who stares
     straight ahead, unblinking and enigmatic. David is smiling,
     as if he's trying to communicate enjoyment; Danny's eyes
     flicker across the stage - he understands the music, its
     component parts, which musicians are contributing what.
     Jenny takes it all in.18   EXT. ST JOHN'S SMITH SQUARE. NIGHT                           18Jenny, David, Danny and Helen emerge with the other concert-
     goers.DAVIDI booked a table at Juliette's.                          
               Will that kill the mood, do you
               think?HELENOh, I do hope so.                                        

     The others laugh.HELENI always think I'm going to my
               own funeral when I listen to
               classical music. (Tentatively)
               That was classical, wasn't it?DANNYYes. Very classical. As classical
               as you can get.

     Helen looks pleased.DAVIDJuliette's it is, then. Heaven
               forbid that we should end the
               evening reflecting on our own
               mortality.

     Jenny smiles in delight. She's never met people like this.19   INT. JULIETTE'S. NIGHT                                       19A singer in the Julie London mould is singing `I'm In The          
     Mood For Love' while cigarette girls and glamorous
     waitresses patrol the tables.25.Jenny is sitting with the others at a table in the club,       
eating and talking. She looks about twelve, but she's          
thrilled to be there. We know now that her life can never
be the same again, and there will be no going back to fish-
paste sandwiches with spotty Graham.DAVIDHave you never heard "Chante
          Francoise Sagan"?

Jenny shakes her head. Her eyes are wide - she's clearly
awe-struck. David offers her a cigarette - a Gitane - which
she takes. He lights it for her while she's listening.DANNYOh, it's wonderful.JENNYI've only got....Well, I think
          it's just called `Juliette
          Greco'. The one with the eyes on
          the sleeve. I saved up and got my
          French conversation teacher to
          bring it back after Christmas.HELENYou've got a French conversation
          teacher?JENNYYes.HELENIs that why you suddenly speak
          French for no reason?DANNY(ignoring her)
          You must have seen her sing?                         

Jenny shakes her head again and smiles. Where would she
have seen Juliette Greco? Danny, meanwhile, is baffled. Who    
hasn't seen Juliette Greco?DAVIDShe's marvellous.DANNYBut you should see her in Paris,
          not here. David will take you.DAVIDI'd love to. You'd fit right in.HELEN(sympathetically)
          Better than here, really.26.DAVIDIt's wonderful to find a young
          person who wants to know things.
          There's so much I want you to
          see.

They sip their drinks pensively, possibly to allow time for
the double-entendre to disappear into the smoke.DAVIDAre you still all right to come
          and have a look at that Pembroke
          Villas place with me on Friday,
          Danny?DANNYOh. No. Can't do it. There's a
          Burne-Jones coming up at
          Christie's on Friday. And I want                     
          it.JENNY(laughing in disbelief)
          You're thinking of buying a Burne-
          Jones? A real one?DANNYI just have a feeling that the
          pre-Raphaelites are going to take
          off.JENNYI love the pre-Raphaelites.DAVID(excited by her
               education)
          Do you?JENNYYes, of course. Rossetti and
          Burne-Jones, anyway. Not Holman
          Hunt, so much. He's so garish.

Danny looks at her. There's clearly more to this schoolgirl
than he thought.DAVIDAbsolutely! Why don't we all go
          to the auction? Wouldn't that be
          fun?JENNYAn auction. Gosh. How exciting.27.DANNYNext Friday morning. David will
               pick you up.JENNY(crestfallen)
               Oh. Friday.DANNYYou're busy?JENNYWell. Yes.

     She doesn't want to explain why.DANNYTant pis.                                               

     Helen looks at him aghast. Why has he started speaking            
     French?DAVIDAre you sure you're busy?

     Jenny hesitates.JENNYNo. I'm sure I could....re-
               arrange. That would be lovely.20   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. NIGHT                                   20Jenny lets herself quietly into the house. The hallway is
     dark, but she can hear noises from the kitchen. She pokes
     her head round the corner, and sees her mother doing the
     washing-up.MARJORIEOh, hello, love. Did you have a
               nice time?JENNYWhat are you doing?MARJORIEI can't get this casserole dish
               clean. We had hot-pot tonight,
               and it's all burnt round...JENNYIt's twenty-five to twelve. We
               finish tea at seven.28.MARJORIEI know what the time is. How was
                 your evening?JENNYIt was...It was the best night of
                 my life.MARJORIEAnd he took you home in his car?
                 Right to the door?

     Jenny looks at her. She doesn't seem to have heard what
     Jenny has just said.JENNYGoodnight, Mum.MARJORIEAnd I'm glad you enjoyed the
                 concert.21   INT. CLASSROOM. DAY                                             21Jenny, Hattie and Tina are    sitting on their desks, waiting
     for the start of a lesson.    Nine or ten classmates are
     scattered around the room,    talking distractedly, but
     Jenny's group is much more    animated: Tina and Hattie are
     leaning forward, listening    to Jenny, their eyes bright.
     They are clearly awestruck    by Jenny's tales of the outside
     world.TINA(to Hattie)
                 I'm not interested in Schubert. I
                 want to know what else was on the
                 programme.

     Laughter.JENNYThere was nothing like that. He
                 was the perfect gentleman. He
                 just said he wanted to take me
                 places and show me things.TINAThings plural? Oh my Gawd!

     More laughter. The English teacher, MISS STUBBS, young and
     fresh-faced and lively-looking, enters, and picks up on
     the excitement of Jenny's coterie.29.MISS STUBBSI knew that in the end `Jane
          Eyre' would work its magic upon
          you. I'm presuming that's what
          you're so animated about.

The students start to sit down at desks in a more
conventional arrangement.JENNYOf course.TINA`Jane Eyre' and Jenny's new
          boyfriend.JENNYHe's not my "new boyfriend". God.TINAIt's true. He's more a man-
          friend, isn't he? He's got a
          sports-car, Miss Stubbs.MISS STUBBSAh. A Mr Rochester figure.TINAI think he must be as blind as Mr
          Rochester.

Laughter. Jenny pulls a face at her.MISS STUBBSIs there no end to your thirst
          for literary understanding,
          Jenny? As you may have noticed,
          I'm attempting to turn the
          subject away from Jenny's lurid
          love-life and towards the matter
          in hand.

She starts to hand out essays.MISS STUBBSAnd it's quite clear on this
          evidence that most of you know
          much too much about the former,
          and almost nothing about the
          latter. Reluctantly I must
          concede that Jenny is evidently
          an expert on both matters.
          Excellent as always, Jenny.

Miss Stubbs slaps an essay down on Jenny's desk. We can see
that it's marked `A+'.30.22   INT. JENNY'S BEDROOM. NIGHT                                  22Jenny at her desk, working. She puts down her pen,
     distracted.23   INT. DAVID'S CAR. DAY                                        23David sitting in his Bristol, waiting.24   EXT. SCHOOL. DAY                                             24We see the Bristol parked outside, and Jenny walking
     towards it, a small figure in a large playground. She's
     clearly just changed out of her school uniform, and she's
     making last-minute adjustments to her civvies. A teacher
     walks towards her, and Jenny almost freezes - but the
     teacher merely smiles pleasantly and walks past. Jenny
     keeps walking at a measured pace for a moment and then
     breaks into a run.25   INT/EXT. CAR/DILAPIDATED HOUSE. DAY                          25Jenny and David are driving along a North Kensington
     street.JENNYHow do you know Danny?

     David is distracted. He's driving slowly, apparently
     looking for an address.DAVIDOh, you know. We kept bumping
               into each other, and we became
               pals, and we've ended up doing a
               bit of work together, when it
               suits us.JENNYWhat kind of work?DAVIDProperty. A bit of art dealing.
               Some buying and selling. This and
               that...

     He stops the car.DAVIDI'll be two seconds.

     He gets out of the car, and Jenny watches him as he crosses
     the road.31.Outside a dilapidated house covered in scaffolding stands a
     large West Indian family, mother, father, three or four
     small children and a dog. They are surrounded by what
     appears to be all their worldly goods. David squats down on
     his haunches, talks to the kids, tousles the hair of the
     smallest. Then he takes out a bunch of keys and ushers the
     family down the path. He unlocks the door and leads them
     inside.

     In an upper window of the house, we see an old lady peering
     down anxiously.26   EXT. STREET/DILAPIDATED HOUSE. DAY                           26David emerges from the house, jangling his keys.27   INT. CAR. DAY                                                27Jenny opens the glove compartment where David keeps his
     cigarettes, takes out the packet, removes one for herself,
     offers the packet to David as he gets into the car. He
     lights them both.DAVIDI'm sorry about that.JENNYHow do you know those, those
               ...Negro people?DAVIDThey're clients.JENNYClients?DAVIDJenny darling, even schwarzers
               have to live somewhere. And it's
               not as if they can rent off their
               own kind, is it?

     He starts the car and drives off.JENNYI'm not sure I quite understand
               what you do.DAVIDYou don't need to. It's too
               boring. All you need to know is
               that I work in property so that I
               can take you to nice places.

     Jenny's POV of the black family in one window, and the
     little old lady disappearing from another.32.28   INT. CHRISTIE'S. DAY                                           28Danny intent on a catalogue, Helen gazing dreamily into              
     space, as David and Jenny push their way through the                 
     crowded auction room. The auctioneer burbles on in the
     background.DANNYYou nearly missed it.

     Jenny is in awe of rich London in all its finery. The
     auctioneer clears his throat.AUCTIONEERWe turn to lot 41, The Tree of                             
               Forgiveness, by Sir Edward Burne-                          
               Jones. This is a rare opportunity
               to purchase a key work of the Pre-
               Raphaelite movement. Who will
               start me off at five hundred                               
               guineas?                                                   

     Jenny glances at Danny. He makes no move at this price.
     Neither does anyone else. He's poised and listening hard.AUCTIONEERTwo hundred?

     A middle-aged lady, the epitome of the middle-aged
     contemporary Sloane, twin-set, pearls and a lot of      face
     powder, raises her hand.AUCTIONEERThank you, madam. Three hundred?                           

     A man raises his hand.AUCTIONEERDo I hear three-fifty?                                     

     The middle -aged Sloane nods.AUCTIONEEROver to you sir. Four hundred                              
               guineas? Thank you. Four hundred                           
               and fifty...                                               

     Danny continues to sit there. Jenny is confused. The middle-         
     aged lady bids four-fifty. David, sitting next to Danny,             
     whispers something to him. Danny nods.DAVID(whispers to Jenny)
               Your turn.

     Jenny looks at him.33.AUCTIONEERNo further bids?DAVIDQuick!

Jenny raises her hand high, just as she'd do at school.AUCTIONEERFive hundred guineas from the                       
          very eager new bidder.                              

People look round and smile when they see who has come in.
Jenny blushes, but stares fixedly ahead.AUCTIONEERFive hundred and fifty, madam?                      
          Thank you.                                          

Jenny looks at David, who nods.AUCTIONEERSix hundred guineas.                                

Jenny gestures more economically.AUCTIONEERSix-fifty? Thank you, madam.                        
          Seven hundred...                                    

Jenny is almost insouciant this time.AUCTIONEERSeven hundred?                                      

The middle-aged lady shakes her head and purses her lips.     
when asked if she wants to bid �700.AUCTIONEERSold for six hundred and fifty                      
          guineas. Thank you.                                 

He brings down the gavel, and a murmur goes around the
room. Jenny is excited and giggly. David pats her on the
back.AUCTIONEERYour name, please?                                  

Jenny looks at Danny.DANNYYou know who you are.JENNY(to Danny)                                      
          Jenny Mellor.34.DANNYI know who you are, too. Tell                           
               him.JENNY(louder,to auctioneer)                              
               Jenny Mellor.DANNYThank you. Couldn't have bought                         
               it without you.DAVIDWell done. A nerveless
               performance.

     Jenny beams. She's thrilled.29   INT. DANNY'S FLAT. DAY                                      29A beautiful, large, airy sitting room in the first-floor
     flat in Bedford Square. The flat is unusually and
     tastefully decorated, opulent and indicative of Bohemian
     good taste. Jenny is sipping a glass of white wine and
     walking around the room enthralled, looking at Danny's
     existing Pre-Raphaelite art collection; he has three or
     four big paintings proudly displayed on his walls. Danny
     is talking her through them while Helen and David, sitting
     on the sofa, watch - David proudly, Helen impassively.DANNYA couple of years ago you could
               pick these up for fifty quid, you
               know. Nobody was interested.JENNYReally? Fifty pounds? I don't
               believe you.

     Suddenly Jenny sees a cello in the corner of the room - a
     good one.JENNYThat's not a Lockey-Hill!DANNYThere aren't many people who come
               in here and say that.HELENCertainly not me.JENNYIt's beautiful. Do you play?35.DANNYI used to. I vowed to myself that
          one day I'd own one of these. And
          now I own one and never touch it.
          It's vulgar to put it on show,
          really.HELENGive it to Jenny.DANNYThat would be even more vulgar.DAVIDPlay for us, Jenny.JENNYGosh, no. One day. When I'm good
          enough for it.DAVIDShe's good enough now.JENNYOh, David. You've never heard me.

Danny stands up and stretches.DAVIDI shall come to hear you in St             
          John's Smith Square. Or in                 
          Oxford, when you get there.DANNYWe should all go and spend a
          weekend in Oxford. Straw boaters,
          punting, cream teas, antiquarian
          bookshops. Bit of business, if we
          can find it. What about next
          weekend?DAVID/HELENYes!JENNYA weekend away? I wouldn't be
          allowed to do that.

They all look at her.DAVIDI'll find a way. I'll talk to
          them.JENNYWho?36.DAVIDJack and Marjorie.JENNYAbout what?DAVIDOxford.

Jenny   hoots with derision.JENNYYou're going to ask my father if
           I can go away with you for the
           weekend? He'd have you arrested.DAVIDWe'll see.JENNYI'll bet you you can't do it.DAVIDHow much?DANNY(amused)
           Be careful, Jenny. You don't know
           who you're dealing with.JENNYHalf-a-crown.DAVIDYou're on.

They shake hands. Jenny suddenly notice the clock on
Danny's mantelpiece.JENNYMon dieu! You must take me back
           to school. And I've got to change
           back into my uniform.

There is a silence. Danny and David make momentary eye
contact - they are clearly contemplating the erotic
possibilities of Jenny's last sentence. Helen notices.HELENOh, behave yourselves.

Jenny looks at them all, mystified.37.30   INT. CLASSROOM/LATIN. DAY.                                  30Jenny is in her Latin class, waiting for the lesson to
     begin. Tina and Hattie aren't with her, and she sits on her
     own -the atmosphere of the class is very different from
     Miss Stubbs' English lessons. The girls are different, more
     serious, less fun, and the atmosphere is more sombre. The
     teacher, MRS WILSON, is older, plainer, stricter. She pulls       
     some papers out of her bag.MRS WILSONTest results for the Virgil
               translation. We will start from
               the bottom...Patricia.

     Jenny puffs out her cheeks. She's not last.MRS WILSON (CONT'D)Absent. Margaret. 48%. Jenny...

     Jenny winces.MRS WILSON (CONT'D)52%. That would just about scrape
               a pass in the exam proper. Not
               good enough for Oxford
               candidates.31   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. DAY                                     31Jenny and her mother are sitting on the sofa, staring into
     space, clearly upset. On the coffee table in front of them
     is the test, covered in red ink. They hear a key in the
     lock, and they look at each other.MARJORIEI'll talk to him.

     Jack enters, back from work. He's wearing a suit and
     carrying a battered briefcase. He looks at them, and then
     notices the essay on the table.JACKIt's her Latin, isn't it?MARJORIEThe test didn't...Well, it didn't
               go as well as we'd hoped.

     He picks up the paper.38.JACKAnd you still say I shouldn't go
down there and have it out with
whatsername? The Latin teacher?
Because this is hopeless.JENNYHow are you going to "have it
out" with her? What are you going
to do? Shout at her until she
decides I'm much cleverer than
she thinks?MARJORIEEveryone's doing their best,
Jack.JACKWhat if their best isn't good
enough, though, eh? What do we do
then?JENNYWe don't go to Oxford. Any of us.
Not even you, Dad.JACKPerhaps it's all a waste of time
and money anyway.MARJORIEYou don't mean that.JACKWell, what's she going to do with
an English degree? And if she's
going to spend three years
playing that bloody cello and
talking in French to beatniks,
then I'm throwing good money
after bad. I suppose she might
meet a nice lawyer. But she could
do that at a dinner dance
tomorrow.JENNYOh, yes. That's the whole point
of an Oxford education. It's the
expensive alternative to a dinner
dance.MARJORIEWhat about private tuition?JACKIs anyone listening to me? How
much is that going to cost me?39.MARJORIEFive shillings an hour. Maybe a
          little more for A-level.JACKFive bob! But... we could spend
          five bob on this and five bob on
          that, and before we know it
          that's our savings down the
          drain.MARJORIEAnd what else are we spending
          five bob on? What else are we
          spending sixpence on?JACKOh, nothing. (He gestures round
          the room.) It's all free. That
          vase was free.MARJORIEIt was, actually. It was a
          present from Auntie Vi.JACKThat chair was free. The sofa.
          We don't have to pay for
          anything. And even if we did, we
          don't have to work for it. That's
          the beauty of life, Jenny.
          Everything's free. Grows on
          trees. Wonderful, isn't it? (He
          warms to his theme, and grows
          progressively more berserk.)
          We've got a lovely Oxford tree in
          the garden, lucky for you, so
          that's Oxford taken care of. And
          a whole orchard of school trees,
          so that's all free. I'm sure
          there are some private tuition
          trees out there. I'll go and have
          a look.

He stands up.MARJORIEJack...JACKNo, no, won't take me a minute. I
          think I saw some at the back
          there, right next to the pocket
          money tree. I'll just nip out
          and check, see that they're
          doing all right.40.Don't want anyone climbing over
                the wall and scrumping, do we?
                And you never know. Maybe
                there'll be a man with deep
                pockets growing out there.
                Because God knows we need to find
                you one.

      He leaves the room, apparently to   look in   the garden   for
      the mythical trees.31A   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE                                           31AJenny and her mother move to the window to    watch him
      talking theatrically to the trees.32    EXT. STREET/COFFEE BAR. DAY.                                 32Jenny, Hattie and Tina are walking back from school.TINAYou could always go to
                secretarial college with Hattie.JENNY(sarcastic)
                Oh, thanks.HATTIECharming!JENNYOh, no.

      Hattie and Tina follow Jenny's eyes, and they see Graham
      coming towards them pushing his bike, red-faced, trousers
      tucked into socks.GRAHAMHello.JENNYOh. Graham. Hello.GRAHAMI haven't seen you for ages....It
                all went wrong, didn't it? The
                tea-party, I mean. Was it because
                of the year off?JENNYNo, no. It's just...I've got so
                much to do if I'm going to get
                the grades I need.41.TINAYes. She's got no time for boys.

     Hattie and Tina try to suppress giggles. Graham turns an
     even brighter shade of red. Hattie and Tina enter the             
     coffee bar. Jenny feels sorry for him, is on the verge of         
     inviting him to join them...And changes her mind.JENNY(quickly)                                           
               Bye, Graham.                                            

     She follows the girls inside.33   INT. JENNY'S BEDROOM/UPPER HALLWAY. NIGHT                   33Jenny is deep in her schoolwork. She has a Latin vocabulary
     propped open on the window-ledge. She looks at it, walks
     away, mutters to herself, attempting to memorize. Her
     concentration is broken by a sudden gale of laughter from
     downstairs.34   INT. JENNY'S HALL. NIGHT                                    34She stands outside the living room for a moment, listening.
     She hears a man's voice that does not belong to her father,
     and then more laughter from her father and mother.35   INT. LIVING ROOM. NIGHT                                     35David is in the middle of demonstrating his ability to
     mimic all of the Goons. Jack and Marjorie are laughing so
     hard that they can hardly see - they certainly miss Jenny's
     entrance.JENNY(curious)
               Hello.JACKOh. Hello. David does the most
               brilliant Bluebottle, Jenny.
               Actually, he can do all the                             
               Goons.DAVIDI don't think I'm very good at                          
               Eccles.JACKOh, no, you've got him...42.JENNY(impatiently)                                 
          But what's he doing here?DAVIDI wasn't going to disturb you. I
          knew you'd have your nose to the
          grindstone.JENNY(incredulous)
          You came to see Mum and Dad?JACKIs that so hard to imagine?

Jenny spies an open bottle of wine on the coffee-table.JENNYAnd you're drinking? But it's not
          Christmas!JACKHark at her! Makes us sound as
          though we've signed the pledge.
          You don't know everything about
          us, you know. We had a life
          before you came along.JENNYYes, that's true. I'm only going
          on what I've seen over the last
          sixteen years.MARJORIEI'm trying to think what you
          missed. Nothing much comes to
          mind.JACKThey can't stand to see me
          enjoying myself.JENNYAnyway. Would you excuse me? I've
          got a huge pile of Latin
          translation to do.JACKYou didn't tell me David went to
          Oxford.

Jenny looks at David, who stares back at her straight-
faced.JENNYNo. I didn't.43.DAVIDFor all the good it did me.JACKWhat did you read?DAVIDOh, English. Just like every
other semi-employed layabout in
London.JACK(marvelling at the
     coincidence)
English! Which college?DAVIDMerton.MARJORIEIsn't that funny?JENNYExtraordinary.DAVIDI was just telling Jack that I'm
going back next weekend. I go and
see my old professor every now
and again.JACKThat's what you need, Jenny.
Someone on the inside track. It's
not always what you know, is it,
David?DAVIDToo true. And Clive would love
Jenny. Have you ever come across
Clive Lewis?JENNYDad has never come across anyone.DAVIDI just thought he might know some
of the books.JENNYDad has never read any books.JACK(stung)
What's he written?44.DAVIDHe wrote a children's book called
          `The Lion, The Witch and The
          Wardrobe' that did very well, I
          believe.MARJORIECS Lewis? That's the Clive you're
          talking about?DAVIDWell, to us he was just the old
          codger who taught Medieval
          literature. But I came to know
          him very well. We just...got
          along, do you know what I mean?

Everyone murmurs their comprehension.MARJORIEJenny used to love those books.DAVIDGosh. That dates me. He was
          writing them when I was there.JENNYI'd love to meet him.

There is a pause. Jack and Marjorie look at the floor.
Somehow, David has manoeuvred a situation where,
effectively, he is the one being asked.DAVIDI'm sorry. I'm being slow on the
          uptake. Would Jenny like to come
          with me at the weekend?JACKWell, I don't know about this
          weekend. But one day, yes, thank
          you.JENNYHow often do you see him?DAVIDOh, once every couple of years.
          But next time, eh?JENNY(disappointed)
          Hopefully I'll be there by then.
          So that won't be much use.45.JACK(dubiously)
               Well, I suppose...Would she have
               to stay the night?DAVIDWell, I wouldn't want to drive
               back after one of those Oxford
               dinners.

     Jack chuckles knowingly.DAVIDClive will get her a room in
               college. That's easy enough.MARJORIESounds like too good an
               opportunity to pass up.JENNYPlease, Daddy. It would be so
               helpful to know something about
               the place.JACKWould it be a bother to you,
               David?DAVIDI'd be delighted.

     Jack, Marjorie and Jenny all beam.36   INT. HALLWAY. NIGHT                                         36Jenny opens the door for David.JENNY(sotto voce)
               That was scandalous.DAVIDI told you. You owe me half-a-
               crown.

     He kisses her on the cheek and disappears into the night.37   INT. DANNY'S FLAT. DAY                                      37David and Danny are waiting for the girls to get ready.
     Danny is sitting sprawled in an armchair; David is pacing
     up and down.46.DAVIDCome on!38   INT. HELEN'S BEDROOM. DAY                                  38An ornate four-poster bed occupies most of the space in the
     room. Helen is doing something to Jenny, but we can't see
     what.HELENNearly ready!39   INT. DANNY'S FLAT. DAY                                     39DAVIDHow can they only be nearly
               ready?DANNYI wouldn't be surprised if three
               of them come out, you know.
               That's the only explanation.
               They're making themselves a
               friend. LADIES! Let's go. Please.40   INT. HELEN'S BEDROOM. DAY                                  40Jenny is wearing a floaty print dress that she has borrowed
     from Helen, and there are lots of other beautiful clothes
     strewn about the place. Jenny is sitting at the dressing
     table, being made up by Helen. Jenny looks three or four
     years older, more sophisticated....more like Helen. She
     can't believe it. She looks in the mirror, and for a
     moment, she forgets to breathe.HELENThere. You'll do. You can keep
               it. I can only wear so many every
               day.

     Jenny emerges from her reverie.JENNY(thrilled)
               Really? Thank you.HELENWhat about tonight? Will you be
               needing a nightie? Or not?JENNYA nightie?

     Jenny suddenly understands what Helen means.47.JENNYWill we be sharing bedrooms?HELENYou're not sleeping with him?JENNYNo. I'm...No.HELENGood for you.JENNYReally? Do     you think so?HELENYou're only sixteen. And you
               don't want to get into the
               family way, do you?JENNYOh, I'd make sure that didn't
               happen. I'm going to do it when
               I'm seventeen. On my seventeenth
               birthday, hopefully.HELENWith   David?

     Jenny pauses.JENNYWell...Golly. I suppose it will
               be with David, won't it?HELENWhen's your birthday?JENNYApril.HELENOh, he'll be around in April. If                        
               that's what you want. Anyway.
               I'll find you a nightie.

     Jenny stares at herself in the mirror again.41   INT. DANNY'S FLAT. DAY                                      41The girls emerge. Both men are entranced by Jenny's
     transformation. David can't take his eyes off her.DANNY(thoughtful)
               Shall, we, ah... Make a move?48.He gets to his feet.42   INT/EXT. CAR COUNTRY ROAD. DAY.                               42The Bristol on the country road to Oxford.43   INT/EXT. CAR OXFORD DAY                                       43The Bristol drives through Oxford. Jenny catches a quick
     glimpse of a dreaming spire.DANNYImagine spending three years
               here.HELENI know.

     She shudders, as if someone has walked over her grave.JENNYCan we stop?DAVIDMaybe later. There are a couple                           
               of things we have to do.44   INT/EXT. CAR OXFORD BACK STREET. DAY.                         44Jenny and Helen in the back seat of the car, which is
     parked outside a house in the back streets of Oxford.
     There's no sign of Danny and David. Jenny sighs
     impatiently.HELENOh, it's always like this. There
               are millions of places I've never
               seen because I've been stuck in
               here.JENNYYou never get out?HELENThere's never anywhere to go in
               the places they stop.

     Jenny looks out of the window. This is self-evidently true.45   INT. PUB. EVENING.                                            45Helen and Danny, Jenny and David are standing in a quiet,
     old-fashioned pub, warming themselves at an open fire.49.David has a pen in his hand, and he's holding a book - `The
Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe'.DAVIDSo. Now.Is he Clive, do you
          think? Or CS?HELENI'm confused now. I thought you'd
          made him up?DANNY(attempting, briefly, to
               be patient)
          No, we...Never mind.

David walks over to the nearest table and writes in the
book.DAVIDThere.

He stands up, hands the book to Jenny.JENNY(reads)
          "To dear Jenny. With the pleasure
          of meeting you. Come and see me
          again soon. Clive."HELENDirty old man.

Laughter. He takes a long drink from his pint of bitter. A
group of students enter, all carrying musical instruments.
They stand at the bar, waiting to be served. Jenny stares
at them with longing - she wants to be one of them. Helen,
meanwhile, stares at them as if they were aliens.HELEN(sotto voce)
          Why are university girls so
          strange-looking?

Helen's right. The girls in the group are all bespectacled
and frumpy. The others laugh.HELENIt's true. And they can't all
          have started off that way, can
          they? Most girls aren't ugly, but
          most girl students are. So there
          must be something about those
          places that, you know, makes you
          fat, or spotty, or short-sighted.50.DAVIDWell, if you look at it that
          way...I mean, that's proper
          scientific analysis. And you
          can't argue with science.

Helen looks pleased.HELENI'm still not quite clear on what
          you want to do when you get here.JENNYI want to read English.HELENBooks?JENNYSorry?HELENYou want to read English books?JENNYOh. Yes. Reading English is just
          another way of saying...DANNYI wouldn't worry, Jenny. You're
          wasting your breath.DAVIDAnyway, tomorrow we'll try to get
          more of a feel for the place.DANNYAbsolutely. This would be a good
          place to do a little business.

David catches Jenny's eye. This isn't what he meant by
"getting a feel for the place."DANNYAll those little old ladies
          wandering around...I'll bet this
          place is rife with stats.JENNYPlease explain what stats are.
          You're always going on about
          them.DAVIDAll right. Think of a number. Now                 
          think about the most boring                       
          lesson you've ever had at school.51.Now double it. Done? Doubled? Now                      
               multiply it by the number you                          
               first thought of, and there you                        
               are. That's the official boredom                       
               content of stats.                                      

     Jenny laughs.46   INT. B & B BEDROOM. NIGHT                                  46A rather grotty and certainly unromantic B&B bedroom - so
     unromantic, in fact, that it even has the same fusty
     curtains from Jenny's sitting room. David is in bed, his
     hands behind his head, waiting for Jenny. As far as we can
     tell - he's wrapped up in the sheets quite tightly - he's
     in his underwear. The bedroom is lit unromantically by the
     40-watt overhead light. Jenny comes into the room wearing
     one of Helen's nightdresses, a glamorous satiny item quite
     inappropriate for the occasion or the surroundings. She
     looks nervous.JENNYWe've got exactly the same
               curtains at home.DAVIDLet's not talk about curtains.
               You look beautiful. You really
               are a princess.

     Jenny was about to get into bed, but his tone makes her
     pause at the edge of the bed.JENNYThere's something you should
               know, David. I'm...Well, I'm a
               virgin. And I want to stay that
               way until I'm seventeen.DAVIDI think that's good. I think
               that's right. And for your
               seventeenth birthday I'm going to
               take you to Paris or Rome or
               Florence and make you feel like
               the most beautiful princess in
               the kingdom of love. But we can
               still be romantic, can't we?JENNYWell, yes. Of course we can. If
               it doesn't mean...DAVIDMinnie....52.JENNYIs that me?DAVIDYes. You're my Minnie Mouse, and
               I'm your bubbalub.JENNYOh. If that's what..DAVIDMinnie.JENNYYes, David?DAVID(prompting)
               Bubbalub...JENNYSorry. Yes, bubbalub?DAVIDWould you mind if I had a look at
               what might one day be mine? Just
               a peek?

     His eyes stray to her breasts. Jenny stares at him.JENNYYou just want to see them?DAVIDI just want to see them.

     Jenny, flustered and nervous, looks at her nightgown - she
     doesn't know what to do.DAVIDLet it fall from your shoulders.

     She does so. He stares.DAVIDThank you.

     He sits up, and lovingly lifts the straps back up. He
     smiles at her. Relieved, she smiles back.47   INT/EXT. CAR COTTAGE. DAY                                     47The Bristol, containing David and Jenny in the front seats
     and Danny and Helen in the back, passing through a pretty
     Oxfordshire village. It pulls up outside a country cottage
     with a `FOR SALE' sign outside.53.48    INT. CAR. DAY                                              48DAVIDMight be worth a look.49    EXT. CAR COTTAGE. DAY                                      49The four get out of the car, and Jenny follows David and          
      Danny to the front door of the house. Helen hangs back.HELENJenny...                                                

      Jenny turns around.JENNYAren't you coming?HELENWe don't go in.JENNYWhat are you talking about?DANNYHelen will look after you. Go and                       
                find a nice cup of tea somewhere.                       

      Jenny is mystified.JENNYI don't need looking after, thank                       
                you very much. David, I want to                         
                see...                                                  

      David ignores her.DANNYI'm not going to tell you a                             
                second time. Now. Run along.49A   EXT. BENCH. DAY                                            49AHelen and Jenny waiting for the boys. Helen is blithe,            
      chatty; Jenny has a face like thunder.HELENThey won't be long. Either way.JENNY"Either way"?54.HELENSometimes they find something,                            
               sometimes they don't.                                     

     In the distance, David is waving at them urgently.HELENAnd when they do find something,                          
               we usually have to leave quite                            
               quickly. They can be a bit                                
               naughty, sometimes. Anyway. It's                          
               nice to have company. I'm usually                         
               outside on my own.                                        

     Jenny stares at Helen. She's beginning to realise who she           
     is dealing with.50   SCENE OMITTED                                                 5051   SCENE OMITTED                                                 5152   INT/EXT. CAR NEW COUNTRY ROAD. DAY                            52An old picture of   some kind is wedged between Helen and           
     Jenny on the back   seat. Jenny, furious, is staring out of         
     the window. Helen   attempts to peer around the partition,          
     but settles for a   wave.HELENCoo-ee. Jenny.                                            

     Jenny doesn't respond.DANNYSorry about being a little brisk                          
               back there, Jenny. We have our                            
               way of doing things. Silly,                               
               really.                                                   

     Still no response.DAVIDOh, come on, Jenny. Let's not                             
               spoil things.JENNY(disbelieving)                                        
               Me? I'm spoiling things?DAVIDI think there must be some kind                           
               of misunderstanding.                                      

     Jenny shakes her head bitterly. They continue driving in            
     silence.55.53   EXT. DANNY'S FLAT. DAY                                      53The Bristol pulls up outside Danny's Bedford Square flat.DANNYWho wants to come up   for a
               drink?DAVIDJenny?JENNY(still furious)
               No thanks. You go. I'll find my
               own way home.

     Jenny gets out of the car and starts up the road. David
     gets out and starts to chase after her.DAVIDJenny!

     He catches up with her in the street.DAVIDIt was an old map. A Speed. It
               was cooped up in that miserable
               little cottage, and she didn't
               even know what it was. What a
               waste! It shouldn't spend its
               life on a wall in wherever the
               hell we are. It should be with
               us. We know how to look after it
               properly. We liberated it.

     Jenny snorts derisively.JENNYLiberated! That's one word for
               it.DAVID(quickly and
                    passionately)
               Oh, don't be bourgeois, Jenny.
               You're better than that. I know
               you have fun with us. I can see
               it. You drink everything I put in
               front of you down in one, every
               last drop, and then you slam your
               glass down on the bar and ask for
               more, and it's wonderful. We're
               not clever like you, so we have
               to be clever in other ways,
               because if we weren't, there
               would be no fun.56.We have to be clever with maps,
               and..and.. You want to know what
               stats are? Stats are old ladies
               who are scared of coloured
               people. So I move the coloureds
               in and the old ladies move out
               and I buy their flats cheap.
               That's what I do. So now you
               know.

     Jenny nods reluctantly.DAVIDAnd if you don't like it, then I
               will understand, and you can go
               back to Twickenham and listen to                       
               the Home Service and do your
               Latin homework. But these
               weekends, and the restaurants and
               the concerts..They don't grow on
               trees.

     Jenny looks at him, startled. Trees again?DAVIDDo you understand? Of course you
               do. This is who we are, Jenny.

     He turns to face her and holds out his hand. On Jenny: is
     she in or out? Jenny takes his hand. David pulls her
     towards him, holds her around the waist and begins to dance
     with her. Further up the pavement, Helen and Danny watch,
     laughing.54   EXT/INT. CAR JENNY' HOUSE. NIGHT                           54David pulls up in the Bristol outside Jenny's house, and
     they sit in the dark for a little while.DAVIDI suppose you have homework to
               do.JENNYGosh. Yes. Loads. (Beat) Thank
               you. I had a nice time.DAVID(surprised, despite his
                    speech earlier)
               Really? In spite of the, the
               incident? With the map?JENNYAs you said in the car, it was a
               misunderstanding.57.DAVIDExactly. A muddle.JENNYYou have no idea how boring
          everything was before I met you.DAVIDI hope that there's something
          more than excitement to our
          relationship.JENNYExcitement's a lot, when you're
          at school and you live in
          Twickenham.DAVIDYou know what I'm trying to say.
          I want you to like me for who I
          am, not just what I can do for
          you.JENNYBut that is who you are. I've
          never met anyone like you. Action
          is character, our English teacher
          says.DAVIDWhat does that mean?JENNYI think it means that if we never
          did anything, we wouldn't be
          anybody. And I never did anything
          before I met you. And sometimes I
          think no-one's ever done anything
          in this stupid country, apart
          from you.DAVIDThat's a good place to end the
          weekend. I'll give you a tinkle.JENNYThank you.

They look at each other. David is clearly smitten. He moves
towards her. He wants to kiss her, but he doesn't want to
frighten her - in the end, Jenny makes it easy for him and
moves towards him. They kiss gently and tenderly.
Flustered, Jenny breaks it off, gets out of the car and
goes inside while David watches.58.55   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. NIGHT                                  55Jenny enters the sitting room with her overnight bag to
     find the radio on, her father reading the paper and her
     mother knitting. When Jenny comes in, Jack beams. He has
     clearly turned some kind of corner.JACKHere she is! The wanderer
               returns!MARJORIEDid you have a nice time?JENNYLovely, thank you.JACKWas he nice to you?

     Jenny unzips her bag and pulls out her copy of the book.
     She hands it to her father.JENNYLook inside.

     Jack examines the inscription.JACKWell I never. Look at this,
               Marjorie.

     He hands it to her. She examines it reverently.MARJORIE"Clive"...Lucky girl. What was he                      
               like?JENNYHe was just...normal. Kind.MARJORIEAnd did he show you round?JENNYOh, he was busy. David did,
               though.MARJORIEWhat did you think?JENNYBeautiful.59.MARJORIEDid it make you want to work
          harder?JACKNever a dull moment with David,
          is there? If it's not concerts,
          it's famous authors. Bit
          different from that lad you
          brought home for tea, isn't he?MARJORIEDavid's a lot older than Graham.JACKGraham could live to be two
          hundred, and he still wouldn't be
          swanning around with famous
          authors. Hasn't got it in him.JENNYHe might become a famous author,
          for all you know.JACKBeing one isn't the same as
          knowing one, is it? Anyone can be
          one. But if you move in those
          circles...JENNYWhat?JACKWell, it says something about
          you, doesn't it? It says you're
          going places. It says you're well
          connected. He's an impressive
          young man, that David. I like him
          more and more.MARJORIEWell, they say opposites attract,
          don't they? I wouldn't have
          thought he was your sort.JACKHe wasn't. And now he is.MARJORIEIs that how you feel, Jenny?JENNYI feel....I Feel I should do my
          homework.

She leaves the room. Marjorie watches her go thoughtfully.60.56   EXT. PARK. DAY                                              56A group of girls cross-country running. Jenny and her             
     friends are at the back of the group, and the gym teacher ,       
     jogging backwards, gesticulates at them to get a move on.GYM TEACHERLadies, please. Christmas is                            
               coming.                                                 

     They put on enough of a spurt to satisfy her, and then            
     immediately stop when the teacher is no longer watching.          
     Seeing an attractive bench, they sit down. From somewhere         
     under a skirt, Jenny produces a packet of exotic-looking
     cigarettes and offers them around.HATTIEWhat the hell are those?JENNYRussian Sobranies.

     Hattie and Tina make snooty faces. Jenny takes a cigarette.
     The others follow suit. Jenny lights them, and they all
     grimace. The contrast between the sophisticated cigarettes,
     and the unsophisticated smokers and context is pronounced.HATTIEWhere did they come from?TINAShe might have bought them from
               the Savoy, or Claridges, or the
               opera, or some fancy nightclub.
               Who knows, with Jenny?JENNYParis. You can't buy them here.TINA(suddenly looking at
                    her suspiciously)
               You never bought them yourself?JENNY(mimicking Tina's
                    grammar cruelly)
               No. I never.TINAShut up, you stuck-up cow.JENNYBut I'll bring you some back, if
               you want.61.TINAYou're joking.JENNYNon.HATTIEHe's taking you to Paris?JENNY(smiling smugly)
          Oui.HATTIEThis term?JENNYPeut-etre.TINAIsn't it your birthday next
          Tuesday?JENNYMight be.

The two friends shriek and jump up and down.HATTIEOh, my God! Your birthday!TINAI wouldn't like to be you. All
          those dinners you've had off him.
          Ouch.JENNYYou have such a Victorian
          attitude to sex, you two.TINAOh, sorry, Dr Kinsey. We're not
          all as experienced as you. I
          mean, you've done it...(She
          counts on her fingers) I make it
          never! Can that be right?HATTIEBut your parents are just going
          to let you swan off like that?JENNYThey don't know yet. David's got
          a plan, he says. He usually has
          something up his sleeve.62.TINAI've noticed that. What did he
               tell them when you had your
               weekend in Oxford?JENNY(animated by the memory)
               Oh, it was....(She changes her
               mind) David went to Oxford.
               Merton. English. And he offered
               to show me round.HATTIESo you have a good-looking
               boyfriend with pots of money,
               brains and a nice car.JENNYApparently I do.

     Tina makes a bitter face.TINAAnd they tell us there's a God.

     Laughter. Jenny glances off into the distance, and spots a
     portly middle-aged woman heading in their direction.JENNYSod. Miss Davies.

     They stand up, grind their Sobranies into the mud, kick
     them under the bench, and set off at a brisk trot. The
     Sobranie stubs come to rest near a pile of dog poo.57   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. DAY                                      57Breakfast on Jenny's birthday. Jenny is at the table
     buttering toast. Jack is reading the paper, Marjorie is
     cooking him eggs and bacon.JACKIs David taking you somewhere
               special tonight?JENNYNot that I know of.MARJORIEI've asked Graham round for tea
               and birthday cake.JENNYGraham?63.JACKWhat do we want him round for?MARJORIEI happened to be talking to his
               mother about something, and...JENNYWhat did you happen to be talking
               to her about?MARJORIEI thought it would be nice.JENNYWhat if David turns up?MARJORIEAre we expecting David to turn
               up?

     Jenny shrugs.JACKIt might not be a bad thing if he
               did.MARJORIE(doubtful)
               Really?JACKWell, if you think about it,
               there's more than one way of
               skinning a cat.JENNYAnd who's the skinned cat, in                         
               this enchanting image? Me?JACKNo, of course...JENNYI have an education to pursue.58   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. EVENING                               58Graham, Jenny and her father are at the dinner table,
     sitting in the dark. Marjorie kicks the door open with her
     foot and comes in holding a birthday cake with seventeen
     candles burning on it. She puts it down carefully on the
     table.64.JACKBlow them out, then, before the
                whole place burns down.

      Jenny closes her eyes, makes her wish, blows out her
      candles. Her father and mother both look at her, apparently
      attempting to read her mind. Jack gets up to turn the
      lights on. We can see that by Jenny's side are two
      unopened, carefully-wrapped presents, both exactly the same
      size - clearly books.MARJORIEWho'd like a piece?

      In truth, the cake is a rather sorry and unappetising
      specimen. There isn't enough icing on the top. She cuts a
      couple of slices which immediately collapse.GRAHAMNever mind. I'll have one of
                those.JACKCome on. Presents.

      Without any real enthusiasm, Jenny opens the first one of
      the two, from her mum and dad. It's a Latin dictionary.JENNYOh. Thank you. I    needed a new
                one.GRAHAM(crestfallen)
                Oh dear.                                                 

      The doorbell rings. Jenny perks up. Jack goes to answer it,
      and immediately the house is energised: it's David.58A   INT/EXT JENNY'S HOUSE                                       58AJack answers the door to David.58B   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE                                          58BJACK (O.S.)Good grief. You won't believe
                this, Jenny. Did you leave
                anything in the shop?

      David enters. You can hardly see him for all the parcels
      and flowers he's carrying.DAVIDIt's a special day.65.He and Jenny exchange a glance. Jack comes in behind him.JACKShe's a special girl.DAVIDOh, I know it. (to Graham) Hello,
          young man.JENNYThis is Graham.DAVIDGraham, a pleasure. I'm David.

They shake hands. Graham suddenly looks five years younger.JACKMakes your dictionary look a bit
          feeble, eh Graham?

Graham looks pained. Marjorie notices.MARJORIEAnd ours too, come to that.JACKWell, we're not the ones trying
          to impress her.JENNYClearly.JACKDavid, what can I get you to
          drink?DAVIDWhat's everybody else having?
          What have you got there, Graham?JACKI've given him a glass of pop.GRAHAM(stung)
          I'd better be going I have a
          stack of homework to do.

Graham says his goodbyes. He tries to catch Jenny's eye,       
but she looks away. Marjorie shows him to the door.DAVIDYes. Well. You can put the pop
          away now. What is there for the
          grown-ups?66.JACKA glass of something warming?DAVIDYou know me so well.

Hearty laughter from the two men.JENNYCan I open anything yet?

Marjorie comes back into the room.MARJORIEWait for me.DAVIDBefore you start on that little
          lot , I have a surprise. Next
          weekend, we're all going to Chez
          Georges to celebrate Jenny's
          birthday.JACK(flatly)
          Lovely.DAVIDChez Georges is in the Boulevard
          St Germain. In Paris.

Jenny giggles her delight. Jack's smile is a little more
forced.JACKHow d'you mean, Paris?JENNYYou know the one, Dad.JACK(panic rising)
          But..We haven't got any French
          money. And I'm not sure...I just
          don't think it would agree with
          me.JENNYDad!JACKThey don't like us, the French,
          you know. John Sutton at work
          went once. They were very rude to
          him. I'm not sure I'd like that.67.Jenny understands David's ploy perfectly, and the role she
must play. Her eyes fill with tears. Jack notices.JACKI don't want to spoil anyone's
          fun, but...It's not for me,
          Europe. We'll go another time.JENNY(bitterly)
          You've just said you don't like
          Europe. What's going to change?
          It'll have to be Europe, won't
          it? Because it isn't going to be
          you.MARJORIEI can take her.JACK(genuinely indignant)
          To France? And leave me here on
          my own?JENNYOh, for God's sake.

Jack looks cornered. He needs to find a way out.DAVIDListen, I'm really sorry to have
          caused all this to-do. I just
          thought it might be nice. But
          I'll go with Aunt Helen and Uncle
          Daniel. They can have your
          tickets.

Jack looks at him.JACKAunt Helen? The one who went to                     
          the concert with you?DAVIDYes, that's the one.JACK(relieved)
          Well, there we are.DAVID(perplexed)
          Where are we?68.JACKAunt Helen! Don't you see? If
               Aunt Helen's going to be
               there...DAVID(the penny apparently
                    dropping)
               Of course!JACKI didn't want to put a spoke in
               anyone's wheels. But if you look
               at it from my angle...A bachelor,                        
               taking my daughter off to
               Paris...DAVIDOh, impossible. I hadn't thought
               it through properly. I do
               apologise, Jack. Would you prefer
               it if Helen took Jenny on her
               own? I don't mind. I've been to
               Paris before.JACKOh, I couldn't possibly ask...No,
               no. If Aunt Helen's going...

     He smiles broadly. He's off the hook. Jenny catches David's
     eye and smiles.59   INT. CLASSROOM. DAY                                          59Hattie, Tina and Jenny are sitting on their desks, waiting
     for a lesson to start. Hattie shows Jenny a piece of paper
     which apparently contains some kind of shopping list.TINAThere are some things you must
               buy for us, and some things you
               only have to buy for us if you're
               a proper, true friend. (She
               points at Hattie, then at
               herself.) Chanel perfume, Chanel
               perfume. (She repeats the
               gesture) Chanel lipstick, Chanel
               lipstick. What have I forgotten?HATTIEThose funny cigarettes you were
               smoking. Sobranies. Ten packets
               each.

     A very small girl, twelve or thirteen, comes in to the
     classroom and approaches Jenny.69.SMALL GIRLAre you the girl going to Paris?

     Tina, Hattie and Jenny stare at her.SMALL GIRLWell are you or aren't you?
               Because I'd like some perfume.

     Miss Stubbs comes into the classroom carrying books and
     essays. She sees the small girl and shoos her out. She then
     approaches Jenny and whispers discreetly into her ear.MISS STUBBSJenny, the headmistress would
               like a word at the end of the
               lesson. I'm afraid that the
               legend of Mr Rochester may have
               travelled further than you
               intended.

     Jenny looks at her, startled and a little sick.60   INT. HEADMISTRESS'S OFFICE. DAY.                           60The office is dark, wood-panelled, foreboding, apparently
     designed to put all visitors ill-at-ease. The headmistress
     would probably choose to be wood-panelled if she could.
     She's tweedy, bespectacled, severe. There is a knock at the
     door. She doesn't look up from her paperwork.HEADMISTRESSCome.

     Jenny enters, looking young and frightened.HEADMISTRESSAh. Miss Mellor.

     Jenny tries to look back at her with all the courage she
     can muster.HEADMISTRESSWe're all very excited about your
               forthcoming trip to Paris. Our
               excitement, indeed, knows no
               bounds. Some of us can talk of
               little else.

     Jenny looks at her feet.HEADMISTRESSAn older man, I understand. A
               word of warning, Miss Mellor.70.There may well have been the odd
               sixth-form girl who has lost an
               important part of herself -
               perhaps the best part - while
               under our supervision. These
               things happen, regrettably. If,
               however, we are made aware of
               this loss, then of course the
               young lady in question would have
               to continue her studies
               elsewhere, if she still has any
               use for `A'-levels. Is that
               clear?JENNYCan I go now?HEADMISTRESSPlease.                                                   

     Jenny turns round and walks out without saying another
     word.62   INT. HOTEL BEDROOM. EVENING                                   6262PT 1Through the window of a hotel suite, we see a BEA jet               
     soaring into the sky.62PT 2David and Jenny aren't on it, though. They are letting
     themselves into the room. Jenny stares at the featureless           
     sitting room.JENNYThere's no bed.DAVIDAh. I pushed the boat out and got
               us a suite.JENNYA suite!DAVIDWell, if work stops us getting to                         
               Paris until tomorrow, then work                           
               can buy us a nice hotel room.                             
               Anyway, it's a special occasion,
               isn't it?JENNYI would have thought that tonight
               of all nights we only need a
               bedroom.71.Close on David's reaction      -   she hasn't forgotten that
     tonight's the night.63   INT. HOTEL BEDROOM. NIGHT                                       63David and Jenny in bed, in a dimly lit bedroom. They are
     kissing - David more passionately than Jenny. He is making
     little whimpers of excitement, and Jenny is clearly trying
     hard to hide her nerves. We're acutely aware of her age,
     and of her virginity. Suddenly David breaks off.DAVIDHold on a second. I've got
               something.

     Rather absurdly, he half-disappears over the side of the
     bed, reaching for something on the floor. He comes back
     with a banana. Jenny stares at him.JENNYWhat on earth is that for?DAVIDI thought....I thought we might
               want to practice.

     Jenny shrieks with horror.JENNYWith a banana?DAVIDI thought we'd get the messy bit
               over with first.JENNYDavid, I don't want to lose my
               virginity to a piece of fruit.DAVIDI'm sorry.

     David attempts to kiss her again. Jenny wriggles clear.JENNYLet's wait until we get to Paris.
               I think the moment might have
               gone.DAVIDI'm sorry, Minnie. I'm such a
               fool.

     Jenny doesn't deny it.72.JENNYAnd David..... if tomorrow night
               does happen, it will never happen
               again, so...DAVID(alarmed)
               Why won't it ever happen again?JENNYBecause the first time can only
               happen once.DAVID(relieved)
               Oh.JENNYSo, please...No Minnies. No baby-
               talk. I'm not old enough for baby-
               talk. Treat me like a grown-up.

     David looks chastened.JENNY(brightly)
               I know. Let's go and sit in our                        
               sitting-room.DAVID(cheered up)
               Hooray! I'll order some
               champagne.

     Jenny looks at him with what might, from one angle, be
     construed as fondness.MONTAGE SEQUENCE - PARIS64   EXT. LEFT BANK. DAY.                                       64Juliette Greco on the soundtrack. Jenny leans against a
     wall, the Seine and Notre Dame behind her. David takes her
     picture. She looks fantastic in the clothes David has given
     her for her birthday.65   INT. ART GALLERY. DAY                                      65A crowded Left Bank gallery. Jenny is sitting on the floor
     watching an impossibly handsome young Frenchman paint black
     the body of an impressively passive naked woman. The young
     man sitting next to Jenny gives her an appraising look.
     David, standing at the back and looking square and
     uncomfortable, notices.73.66   INT. RECORD SHOP. DAY                                        66We see three listening booths, all containing customers.
     Jenny and David are in the middle booth, listening to the
     Juliette Greco song on the soundtrack. (For a moment, the
     sound quality changes - soundtrack becomes source music,
     seamlessly.) Jenny is studying the sleeve. She wants to hug
     herself, she's so excited.67   EXT. CAFE. EVENING.                                          67A Left Bank cafe - David and Jenny are eating steak frites
     outside, drinking vin ordinaire, watching the world go by.
     They are both anticipating the night ahead.68   EXT. VIEW OF SACRE COEUR/MONTMARTRE                          6869   EXT. PARIS HOTEL. DAWN                                       69Jenny is smoking at the second-floor window of a simple,
     pretty Parisian hotel, wearing a glamorous-looking slip and
     looking at the street life below her.70   INT. HOTEL ROOM. DAWN                                        70The bedroom is simple and romantic - everything the airport
     hotel wasn't. David is lying amid rumpled sheets, smoking
     what is clearly a post-coital cigarette, and watching Jenny
     from behind.DAVIDDo you still feel like a
               schoolgirl?

     Jenny turns round, smiles, shakes her head.DAVIDAnd it wasn't too uncomfortable?JENNYNot after the...first bit. It's
               funny, though, isn't it? All that
               poetry, and all those songs and
               films, about something that lasts
               no time at all?

     David looks at her. She isn't being cruel. She just doesn't
     know any different. She returns to her people-watching. He
     smokes ruminatively.74.71   EXT. PARK. DAY                                             71...Jenny in her games kit, smoking her Sobranie with her
     friends on the park bench again. Hattie and Tina are
     examining their bottles of Chanel reverently. Jenny is back
     to being her seventeen-year-old self; somehow her seventeen-
     year-old self looks comical, and no longer appropriate.TINAHow can you go back to double
               French when you've had a weekend
               with an older man in a posh hotel
               in Paris? You wouldn't catch me
               coming anywhere near this dump.JENNY(artfully)
               It wasn't all glamour. We spent
               half the weekend at Heathrow in a
               hotel suite .HATTIEA suite? Oh my God. Your life.

     They smoke their Sobranies ruminatively.TINAYou're going to miss it. All the
               swanning around in posh hotels.JENNYWhy will I need to miss it?TINAWhen you go to Oxford. Unless
               you're planning on being with
               David forever.

     Jenny doesn't say anything.HATTIEYou're not, are you?JENNY(distracted)
               God, no.TINASo? Won't you miss it?

     Jenny shrugs. Clearly she will, and clearly she hasn't
     thought about it before.HATTIEWe'll miss it.75.Jenny laughs.72   INT.   CLASSROOM. DAY                                      72Jenny's English class file past Miss Stubbs at the end of a
     lesson. Miss Stubbs stops Jenny.MISS STUBBSJenny, could I have a word?JENNYOf course.(To Hattie and Tina)
                I'll catch you up.

     Miss Stubbs waits until the room empties.MISS STUBBSYou can do anything you want,
                Jenny. You know that. You're
                clever and you're pretty... But
                sometimes those things fight. I'm
                worried that at the moment clever
                Jenny and pretty Jenny are
                fighting.JENNYWhat do you mean?MISS STUBBSI couldn't bear it if clever
                Jenny lost. It's because of
                people like you that I plough
                through illiterate essays by
                Sandra Lovell about her pony. And
                there aren't many of you, I can
                tell you. One every few years. Is
                your boyfriend interested in
                clever Jenny?JENNYI think so.MISS STUBBSInterested enough to let her do
                what she wants?JENNYHe couldn't stop me.MISS STUBBSHe might not have to stop you.
                That's what I'm trying to tell
                you.76.JENNY(frustrated)
          I'm not sure what you're trying
          to tell me.MISS STUBBSI'm telling you to go to Oxford.
          No matter what. Or you'll break
          my heart.

Jenny looks at her.JENNY(quietly)
          Where did you go?MISS STUBBSSorry?JENNY(louder, bolder)
          Where did you go? Which
          university?MISS STUBBSGirton. Cambridge.JENNYOh.MISS STUBBSWhat does that mean? `Oh'?JENNYYou're clever. And you're pretty.
          So presumably, Clever Miss Stubbs
          won. And here you are, reading
          all those pony essays. I don't
          know. These last few months, I've
          been to Paris, and to jazz clubs,
          and I've eaten in wonderful
          restaurants, and seen wonderful
          films, heard beautiful music...MISS STUBBSI'm sure you have. But I was
          filled up with beautiful things,
          books and music and conversation,
          in exactly the same way at
          Cambridge. And I didn't have to
          pay the same sort of price. Are
          you taking precautions, Jenny?

Jenny stares at her angrily.JENNYIt's nothing to do with that.77.MISS STUBBSIsn't it?JENNYMaybe our lives are always going
               to end up with pony essays. Or
               housework. And yes, maybe we'll
               go up to Oxford. But if we're all
               going to die the moment we
               graduate, maybe it's what we do
               before that counts.MISS STUBBSI'm sorry you think I'm dead.JENNYI don't think you're dead. But...MISS STUBBS(coldly)
               You'd better get to your next
               class.

     She turns her back on Jenny.73   EXT. CAR. NIGHT                                             73Helen, Danny, Jenny get out of David's Bristol, which is
     parked outside a nightclub called Esmerelda's Barn. David
     has parked next to a white Rolls-Royce.JENNY(looking at the Rolls-
                     Royce)
               And we know the person who owns
               this?DAVIDYes. Perec Rachman. He's a....DANNYA bastard.

     Danny and David laugh.DAVIDHe's a business acquaintance, and
               we need to talk to him.JENNYI gathered that much. But why do
               we have to crawl around the West
               End looking for his car? Why
               don't you just make an
               appointment, if you want to see
               him?78.The men snigger.DANNYWhat? Ring his office? Talk to
               his secretary? That isn't how it
               works with him, dear.74   INT. CLUB. NIGHT                                           74The four walk in and take their coats over to the
     cloakroom. The club is a smoky West End club, full of            
     smartly-dressed and dubious-looking men, and young,
     glamorous, dubious-looking women. Jenny and Helen look out
     of place - Helen too ethereal, Jenny too innocent. There is
     jazz playing.DANNYThere he is.

     We see a nasty-looking man in his late 30s/early 40s. He is
     wearing a white sharksin suit and smoking a big cigar. He's
     standing by the roulette table, talking to an even nastier-
     looking man in a dark suit.

     They find a table at the back and sit down. A waitress
     comes over to their table.DAVIDA bottle of champagne, please.DANNYOh-ho. Champagne, eh?

     He looks at Jenny and David expectantly.DAVIDDon't be bashful.HELENNo. Be Sneezy.

     Everyone ignores her.DAVIDAll right, then. If you won't
               tell them I will. Jenny got two
               As and a B in her mock-A levels.DANNYFantastic.HELENCongratulations.JENNYThank you.79.DAVIDThe B was in Latin. But it's much
               better than it was, isn't it,
               Minnie?

     Rachman is now standing on his own. Danny nudges David, and
     they go over to talk to him just as the champagne arrives.
     The waiter pops the bottle of champagne and pours two
     glasses. The girls smile and clink glasses.HELENDon't worry.JENNYAbout what?HELENSomeone told me that in fifty
               years no-one will speak Latin,
               probably. Not even Latin people.
               So you shouldn't mind too much
               about your B.

     Jenny stares at her, trying to think of a response.75   INT. CLUB. NIGHT                                            75Danny and David are at the bar, having just finished
     talking to Rachman. Danny puffs out his cheeks and shakes         
     his head.DANNYWell, I'm not sure you'd want him                       
               to marry your sister. I'm not                           
               even sure you'd want to talk to                         
               him in a night-club, come to                            
               that.                                                   

     They both chuckle. There is a silence for a moment.DANNY(gently)
               You do know what you're doing,
               old chap? With Jenny?DAVIDThis is the one, Danny.DANNYWe've heard that before.DAVIDYou can see she's different.
               She's got everything. You've got
               Helen, and....80.DANNY(drily)
               And you've got Helen with brains.DAVID(rumbled)
               Yes.DANNYI don't want to see her hurt.

     They make their way back to their table.76   INT. CLUB. NIGHT                                            76While David and Helen watch, Danny and Jenny dance. Danny's
     a good dancer; Jenny is nervous at first, but becomes more
     comfortable and more expressive, with Danny's help.JENNY(knowing that she should
                    make conversation, as
                    all the couples around
                    her are doing)
               Have you...Have you bought any
               more paintings recently?DANNYHave I? Let's think? Oh, I picked
               up a little Piper the other day.
               A good `un, I think.JENNYI'm still trying to work out what
               makes good things good. It's
               hard, isn't it?DANNYThe thing is, Jenny, you know,
               without necessarily being able to
               explain why. You've got taste.
               That's not even half the
               battle. That's the whole war.

     Jenny smiles at him with gratitude. There is a sudden
     closeness between them. David is watching them carefully.
     They return to their table.DAVIDJenny, we should go. It's late.JENNY(disappointed)
               Oh. Yes.81.DANNYAlas. One day, school will be
               over forever, and we can talk
               about art all night.DAVID(to Danny)
               You're all right in a taxi,
               aren't you?

     He guides Jenny firmly out of the club.77   EXT. CLUB. NIGHT.                                           77Jenny is about to to open the passenger door of the
     Bristol, but David stops her.DAVIDWait there.

     He runs to the back of the car, opens the boot and starts
     rummaging through it. It seems to be full of everything
     but the thing he's looking for.JENNYWhat are you doing?

     He slams the boot shut and comes back empty-handed.DAVIDWill you marry me?

     Jenny stares at him for a moment, then laughs.JENNYWhat were you looking for?DAVIDI thought I had a ring. It
               wouldn't have been the right one.
               But it would have done for
               tonight.JENNY(eyes twinkling with
                    amusement)
               Oh, David.DAVIDI'm serious.JENNYYou're very sweet.DAVIDWhat do you think?82.JENNY(helplessly)
               Please take me home.

     She gets into the car. We see the desperation in David's
     face, lit by the headlights of a passing taxi, as he slams
     the door on Jenny after she's got in.78   EXT. SCHOOL YARD. DAY                                        78Jenny, Tina and Hattie all smoking in the school toilets.
     Jenny is distracted, and standing apart from the others.
     Tina looks at her.TINAHow do you say `A penny for your
               thoughts?' in French?HATTIEA franc is too much, isn't it?TINAFor her thoughts, yes. You'd be
               overpaying by about ninety-nine
               centimes.

     Suddenly the door bursts open and the Latin teacher comes
     in.79   INT. HEAD'S OFFICE. DAY                                      79The three girls are lined up in front of the headmistress,
     hands by their sides.HEADMISTRESSI'm surprised that you two are
               standing in front of me. I'm not
               surprised to find you here, Miss
               Mellor, though I do feel rather
               like the judge who sent Al Capone
               to prison for tax evasion. We
               take a very dim view of smoking.
               We take an even dimmer view of
               some of your other behaviour,
               which as far as we know has taken
               place off school premises. Your
               appearance here today, however,
               allows me to remind you that we
               are trying to teach you how to
               become young ladies, not
               nightclub hostesses. In reality,
               of course, you are neither. You
               are merely silly little girls.
               Detention after school. Go away.83.Jenny's face sets hard. Something in her shuts down.80    EXT. JENNY'S BALCONY. EVENING                                80Jenny is smoking on the balcony.80A   INT. JENNY'S BEDROOM.                                        80AJenny is at her desk in her bedroom, trying to work, but
      she can't concentrate. Her hair is tied back in a pony-
      tail. She gets up, pulls back the curtains, looks out of
      the window. We see what she sees: a sleepy suburban street
      at night. She looks back at her desk. It looks even more
      boring than the street. She looks at her scrubbed seventeen-
      year-old face in the mirror - so much younger than the
      Jenny we have seen with David. She makes herself up, and
      she gets older and more glamorous before our eyes. In her           
      make-up and her school uniform, she's half-woman, half-
      child. We hear the noises drifting up from the kitchen: the
      radio, the washing-up, occasional muffled conversation.
      Jenny walks out of the bedroom and slips downstairs.81    INT. KITCHEN. EVENING                                        81Jenny's mother and father are doing the washing up and
      listening to the radio. They have their backs to the door.
      Jenny enters the room quietly and watches them for a momentMAN ON THE RADIOThey do need some looking after,
                but nothing that will require too
                much work. Just leave them in
                your potting shed for a couple of
                weeks, and they'll look after
                themselves.JACKOh, aye. The potting shed. Who
                does he think I am? Prince
                Rainier of Monaco?JENNYWhat if I got married instead of
                going to college?

      Jack and Marjorie turn around and stare at this strange
      apparition wearing too much make-up and a school uniform.JACKMarried?JENNYMarried.84.JACKIt would depend who it was,
          surely?JENNYWould it? That's interesting.JACKCourse it would. I wouldn't want
          you married off just for the
          sake of it.JENNYThanks.MARJORIEHas somebody asked you?JENNYYes.JACKWho?

Marjorie rolls her eyes.MARJORIEWhat did you tell him?JENNYNothing yet.JACKDavid?JENNYNo. A man I just met walking his
          dog.JACKDavid's asked you to marry him?
          Bloody hell. Pardon my French.MARJORIEDo you have any choice? Or is it
          too late.

She looks at her daughter knowingly. Jack merely looks
confused.JACKOf course she's got a choice. But
          it's an interesting one, isn't
          it?85.JENNYThis is where you're supposed to
               say, "But what about Oxford?"JACKWell. Looked at it one way, you
               wouldn't really need to go now,
               would you? He's a man going
               places. And say what you like,
               but they know how to take care of
               their money, don't they? He'll
               see you're looked after.JENNY(quietly, turning the
                    words over in her
                    mouth)
               I wouldn't need to go. Would you
               like to expand on that?JACKYou know what I mean.

     Jenny laughs bitterly. She can't believe it.JENNYAll that Latin! All those essays!
               What was the point? Why didn't
               you just send me out prowling
               round nightclubs? It would have
               been less trouble. And I might
               have had more fun.JACKWe don't know about nightclubs.
               We knew about education. Anyway,
               it all turned out for the best.JENNYHow?JACKHe wouldn't have wanted you if
               you were thick, would he?

     Jenny stares at them and walks out.82   INT. CLASSROOM. DAY                                          82English. Miss Stubbs is standing at the front   of the class,
     holding a copy of King Lear, and listening as   various
     members of the class massacre the text. Some    are messing
     about by overacting; others read to the best     of their
     ability, tonelessly and with no understanding   of the words.86.Lear himself is being read by Ann, the bespectacled girl      
from the first scene. She's no King Lear, and she's one of
the bad readers.GIRL 1May not an ass know when the cart
          draws the horse? Sings whoop jug
          I love thee.MISS STUBBSYes, when it says `Sings', it
          means he sings those words.

Girl 1 looks at her blankly.MISS STUBBSNever mind. Lear...ANNDoes any here know me. This is
          not Lear. Does Lear walk thus?TINA(sotto voce, to Jenny,
                 in the seat next to
                 her)
          No.

Jenny starts to giggle.ANNSpeak thus?

Tina shakes her head.ANNWhere are his eyes?

Tina doesn't need to say anything - she just looks at
Jenny, makes a pair of spectacles with her fingers and
squints. Jenny's giggling fit increases in intensity.ANNEither his notion weakens, or his
          discernings are lethargied. Ha!
          Waking? Tis not so. Who is it
          that can tell me who I am?

Jenny's arm shoots up, as if to answer the question.JENNYOoh. Miss. Me. I can.

Miss Stubbs looks at Jenny more in sorrow than in anger -
Jenny's behaviour now is something new in their
relationship. Jenny stares back at her defiantly. Suddenly
Miss Stubbs notices something glinting on her hand: an
engagement ring.87.MISS STUBBSOh, Jenny.

She is, as she promised she would be, heartbroken.JENNYWhat?MISS STUBBSTake it off.

Hattie, who is sitting behind Jenny, notices the ring, too,
for the first time.HATTIEOh my God. Is that really what I
          think it is? I'M GOING TO BE ABRIDESMAID!There is an excited susurration in the classroom.MISS STUBBSYou know there's a school rule
          about jewelry.JENNYHalf the girls in this room are
          wearing jewelry.MISS STUBBSYes. But none of it is going to
          ruin their lives.JENNY(coolly)
          We have a difference of opinion
          on that.

Miss Stubbs stares at her. Jenny can only just steel
herself to stare back.MISS STUBBSLet's see who's right. Come with
          me.

Jenny doesn't move.MISS STUBBSPlease don't make me drag you out
          like a child.

Jenny gets to her feet. Teacher and pupil leave the room,
while the rest of the class watches.88.83   INT. HEADMISTRESS'S OFFICE. DAY                      83HEADMISTRESSHow far advanced are these
               ridiculous plans? Have you set a
               date? Have you decided on a
               church?JENNYWe won't be getting married in a
               church. David's Jewish.

     The headmistress stares at her, dumbfounded.HEADMISTRESSJewish? He's a Jew? You're aware,
               I take it, that the Jews killed
               our Lord?JENNY(beginning to feel less
                    intimidated by her
                    surroundings)
               And you're aware, I suppose, that
               our Lord was Jewish?

     The headmistress snorts scornfullyHEADMISTRESSI suppose he told you that. We're
               all very sorry about what
               happened in the War. But there's
               no excuse for that sort of
               malicious and untruthful
               propaganda.

     Jenny smiles to herself.HEADMISTRESSAnyway, I can now see that you
               are even more in need of
               responsible advice than I
               realised. Is it true that you
               don't intend to sit for your
               exams? And therefore you won't be
               applying for University?JENNYYes, that's right.HEADMISTRESSWhat do you think you're doing?JENNYNobody has been able to explain
               to me the point of University.89.Therefore I don't see the point
          of the exams, either.HEADMISTRESSNobody does anything worth doing
          without a degree.JENNYAnd nobody does anything worth
          doing with one, either. No woman,
          anyway.HEADMISTRESSSo what I do isn't worth doing.
          Or what Miss Stubbs does, or Mrs
          Wilson, or any of us here.

Jenny doesn't say anything. The headmistress takes her
silence as an admission of defeat.HEADMISTRESSBecause none of us would be here
          without our degrees, you realise
          that, don't you? And yes, of
          course studying is hard, and
          boring, and...

Jenny can't contain herself any longer.JENNYBoring!HEADMISTRESSI'm sorry?JENNYStudying is hard and boring.
          Teaching is hard and boring. So
          you're telling me to be bored,
          and then bored, and then finally
          bored again, this time for the
          rest of my life. This whole
          stupid country is bored. There's
          no life in it, or colour in it,
          or fun in it. It's probably just
          as well that the Russians are
          going to drop a nuclear bomb on
          us any day now. So my choice is
          either to do something hard and
          boring, OR to marry my... my Jew,
          and go to Paris and Rome and
          listen to jazz and read and eat
          good food in nice restaurants and
          have fun. It's not enough to
          educate us any more, Mrs Walters.
          You've got to tell us why you're
          doing it.90.HEADMISTRESSBecause without formal
               qualifications...

     She grinds to a halt. She has never had to answer this
     question before.HEADMISTRESSIt doesn't have to be teaching,
               you know. There's the Civil
               Service.

     Jenny stands up.JENNYI don't wish to be impertinent,
               Mrs Walters. But it is an
               argument worth rehearsing. You
               never know. Someone else might
               want to know what the point of it
               all is, one day.

     She leaves the office.84   EXT. SCHOOL. DAY                                            84Jenny is half-walking, half-running, towards the school
     gates. She's scared, of course, but exhilarated, too. All
     that pressure, and all those years of education, suddenly
     over, unexpectedly, and certainly unceremoniously. She
     looks neither left nor right, but other girls, younger
     girls, watch her through the windows as she leaves. Jenny
     doesn't even look round when she goes through the school
     gates.85   INT. KITCHEN. EVENING                                       85Later. Jenny and Marjorie are sitting at the kitchen table.
     Jack is standing over them; he hasn't even taken his coat
     off, or put his briefcase down.JACKHow d'you mean, left?

     Jenny doesn't answer.JACKWhat about your exams?JENNYI'm not sitting them.JACKWhat are we going to tell people?91.JENNY(witheringly)
               Oh, telling people. I'd forgotten
               that what we tell people is more
               important than anything.JACKAll that...

     Marjorie knows what he's going to say, and doesn't want him
     to.MARJORIEJack!JACKNo. No need for Jack. She should
               hear it. All that money! Do you
               know how much it's cost me for
               you to go through school and take
               no exams?JENNYI'm sure David will pay you back.
               Send him a bill. As you said, he
               wouldn't have wanted me if I was
               dim, so he should fork out. Just
               tell me why there's a point in
               sitting my exams, and there's no
               point in me going to University.

     Jack gapes at her. He's floundering.JACKYou know what your trouble is,
               don't you? You're too clever by
               half.JENNYIn which case I should have left
               school years ago, shouldn't I?
               Ask them for the money back. If
               I'm too clever by half, you
               overpaid by a third.86   INT. DANNY'S FLAT. NIGHT                                     86Danny, Helen, David and Jenny are in Danny's flat; we have
     just missed The Announcement - there is champagne already
     open. Danny glances quickly and discreetly at David, who
     catches his eye.HELENThat's...Gosh. That's fantastic
               news.92.Danny isn't so pleased.DANNY(cool)
               Congratulations.

     There is much chinking of glasses.HELENI thought you'd see sense about
               university.

     Jenny smiles.HELEN (CONT'D)You'll stay pretty now.

     Laughter from David and Jenny.JENNYAm I still allowed to read?HELENEnglish? Books?

     More laughter.HELEN (CONT'D)You won't be laughing when she
               goes all speccy and spotty,
               David.

     Helen is bemused by their mirth. Danny watches   David
     thoughtfully.87   EXT. DANNY'S. NIGHT                                            87David and Jenny come out of Danny's flat and approach                
     David's car.JENNYDanny didn't seem very pleased
               about our engagement.DAVIDI thought that, too! I was
               wondering whether he might be a
               bit jealous.JENNY(trying not to be
                    pleased)
               Jealous?93.DAVIDYou may have noticed that Helen's
                not really Oxford material. I'm
                going to keep him out of your
                way.

      They both smile. David opens the door for Jenny and she            
      gets into the car.87A   INT. JENNY'S KITCHEN. DAY                                   87AJenny is making David a cup of tea. Her mother is keeping          
      an eye on Jenny - in Marjorie's mind at least, this is a           
      rehearsal for something.DAVIDI haven't put my...my stamp on it                        
                yet. Haven't had time. It needs a                        
                woman's touch, really. And if you                        
                don't like it, we can move. Just                         
                say the word.JENNYWhere is the flat again?MARJORIEYou have to put the cosy on                              
                straight away.                                           

      Jenny sighs and rolls her eyes. She picks up the hand-             
      knitted tea-cosy and puts it on her head.JENNYLike that?                                               

      David laughs.MARJORIE(oblivious)                                          
                No. On the tea-pot.JENNY(deadpan)                                          
                Ah.                                                      

      She puts the tea-cosy on the tea-pot.DAVIDJust down from Russell Square.                           
                Two minutes' walk from the                               
                underground.94.MARJORIEJenny! We could walk to...(She             
          tries to think of somewhere Jenny          
          might find interesting.) We could          
          walk to the British Museum!                

Jenny gives her a look.MARJORIEI'll leave you to it. Don't let            
          it stew.                                   

She leaves the room.JENNYAnd this is where you're living?DAVIDI've stayed there for the last             
          couple of nights. (Beat) On and            
          off.JENNYYou've stayed there two nights             
          "on and off"?DAVIDIs that tea ready? One sugar,              
          please.JENNY(frustrated by his                     
               evasions)                             
          David!DAVIDI'm sorry. You must think I'm              
          very odd.JENNYNo, but.... You seem to float              
          around. I never know where you             
          are.                                       

She hands him his tea.DAVIDA wandering Jew.(He pauses to              
          take a sip.) If I tell you                 
          something, will you promise not            
          to laugh?JENNYIt depends on how funny it is.95.DAVID(mumbling)                                           
               I live at home.JENNYWe all live at home.DAVIDNo. I mean...I live at home...in                         
               the same way that you live at                            
               home.JENNYBut I live with my mother and                            
               fa...(It clicks.) You don't mean                         
               it.                                                      

     David nods, shamefacedly.JENNYYour mother and father?DAVIDJust my mother. My father's dead.                        
               I've been meaning to tell you,                           
               Minnie, and it would have been                           
               much better than all those silly                         
               lies. But...                                             

     He looks quite upset. We warm to him. Jenny leans over and         
     takes his hand.DAVIDAnyway. You can see how much I                           
               need you. And you won't regret                           
               this, I promise. We'll have so                           
               much fun. And just think. When we                        
               get married, you won't have to                           
               wait in the car while I do my                            
               business.. You'll be waiting at                          
               home, looking at the Burne-Jones                         
               on the wall. Home, Minnie. Our                           
               home. Can you imagine?                                   

     Close on Jenny. She can't imagine, really.90   INT. COFFEE BAR. DAY                                         90Jenny, Tina and Hattie in the coffee bar. Jenny is eagerly
     scanning the English literature exam paper.96.JENNYDid you do this one? "Show from
               any TWO scenes in `Pride and
               Prejudice' how far it is true
               that Jane Austen's methods are
               `essentially dramatic'".HATTIEThree scenes.JENNYIt says two here. Look.

     She shows the paper to Hattie. Hattie slumps onto the
     formica table and groans.HATTIETwo. Two. Two. I can't believe
               it.

     Tina rubs Hattie's head sympathetically.TINAIt was an unfair question. You're
               hopeless at maths. What do you do
               all day, anyway, Lady Muck?

     Jenny shrugs.JENNYI've been looking at flats. I've                          
               been to look at dresses. I've
               been reading a lot, too.TINAReading, trying on dresses...
               Where did we go wrong?JENNYWhat's this afternoon?TINAFrench. The translation paper.

     Jenny is lapping it all up. She might even be envious.91   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. EVENING                                   91Jenny and Marjorie are in the sitting room, all dressed up
     and waiting for David to come and pick them up. Jenny looks
     great, as usual; her mother looks smart, if somewhat old-
     fashioned.97.MARJORIEDon't worry. He'll find a nice                       
          place in no time. He sees plenty                     
          of them.JENNYI'm not sure he sees plenty of                       
          nice places.                                         


          Would you like a radiogram for a
          wedding present? We love ours.

Something about this depresses Jenny. Marjorie notices.MARJORIEYou won't be bored, you know.
          He's not boring.

Now they are both thoughtful. As if on cue, Jack comes into
the sitting room, pulling at his tie, looking apprehensive.
He appears to be wearing Brylcreem. He looks like a little
boy who has been made to put on his Sunday best.JACKWhat sort of things can you have
          for starters? I mean, how will I
          know what are starters and what
          aren't? I'm all right if it's
          soup or fruit juice. But if it's
          anything more than that...JENNYWe've been through this, Dad.
          It'll be quite clearly marked on
          the menu.

The doorbell rings. Jack stiffens. Jenny goes to answer the
door.JACKWhy don't you three go out? I'll
          be happy here with a tin of...

David enters the room. He is relaxed, happy. He has worn a
tie, possibly because he knew that Jack would wear a tie.
Jack and Marjorie stand, and they exchange greetings.DAVIDEverybody ready? I think you'll
          like this place, Jack. Their wine
          list is as good as anything I've
          seen in London.JACKSomeone told me that.98.JENNYDavid, probably. Who else would
               it have been?92   EXT. STREET/JENNY'S HOUSE NIGHT                              92Jack and Marjorie approach David's Bristol.JACKI was hoping you'd take us in
               this.DAVIDOh, you won't want to go in
               anything else after tonight. Mind
               you, it drinks petrol. I'm afraid
               we'll have to stop on the way in
               to town.

     He opens the back door for his future in-laws.DAVIDMadame. Monsieur.

     They get in, he closes the door, runs round to open the
     front passenger door for Jenny.93   INT. CAR. NIGHT                                              93David starts the car, and glances in the rear-view mirror.DAVIDEveryone happy?JACKI feel like Eamonn Andrews.DAVIDIs that a good thing?MARJORIEOf course. Eamonn Andrews is the
               poshest person that Jack can
               imagine being.94   EXT. STREET/PETROL STATION. NIGHT                            94The Bristol cruises down a London arterial road.95   INT. CAR. NIGHT                                              95We see, from David's POV, a petrol station approaching.99.DAVIDSorry about this.

     He slows the car and turns in to the garage.96   EXT. GARAGE. NIGHT                                          96David gets out of the car as the attendant comes over.ATTENDANTHow can I help you, sir?DAVIDYou might as well fill her up.

     David looks around and spots a phone box just outside the
     garage. He leans in through the open car window.DAVIDI'm just going to make a quick
               call. I'll be two ticks.97   INT. CAR. NIGHT                                             97Jenny watches him walk towards the phone box.JACKDo you think we should offer him
               some petrol money? Or would he
               feel insulted?

     Jenny watches David as he dials the number. He notices her,
     waves, puts the money in the slot.JACKHe'd feel insulted, probably. He
               said tonight was his treat. That
               must include the petrol, for
               God's sakes?

     David starts to talk, and turns away, as if he's frightened
     that someone in the car can lip-read.JACKWhat do you think?

     Nobody pays him any attention. They lapse into silence.
     Jack starts to fiddle with the features in the car - a
     table springs down from the seat in front of him, much to
     his alarm.JACKGod almighty. What have I done?100.Jenny opens the glove compartment, looking for the
     cigarettes that David always keeps there. She finds the
     cigarettes, and closes the glove compartment. But she has
     seen something in there, so she opens it again. She takes
     out some letters and papers and starts to look through
     them.98   EXT. GARAGE. NIGHT                                           98David has finished his phone call and is walking towards
     the car. He sees Jenny looking through letters and papers,
     sees the open glove compartment, starts to run across the
     forecourt.DAVID(desperately)
               Jenny!

     It's too late. We see Jenny's stricken face, gleaming in
     someone else's headlights.99   INT. CAR. NIGHT                                              99David gets into the car.DAVIDJenny, I...JENNY(as cold as ice)
               Take us home.JACKWhat's going on?DAVIDThere's been a...Jenny's had a
               bit of a shock.

     Jenny laughs, mirthlessly, then starts to weep.JACKWhat's happened?JENNYIt's another one of David's
               little muddles and
               misunderstandings.DAVIDJenny, it's not...JENNYI don't want to hear another word
               from anybody. Take me home. NOW.101.Marjorie and Jack look at each other. David swings the car
      around and they drive home in silence; Jenny cries
      constantly, without making a sound.100   EXT. JENNY'S HOUSE. NIGHT                                  100The Bristol draws up outside Jenny's house. David jumps out
      of the car and lets Marjorie and Jack out. Jack starts to
      walk towards the house and then stops.JACK(desperately)
                You can sort this out, can't you,
                David?

      Jenny gets out of the car too.DAVIDOf course I can. She's just got
                the wrong end of the stick about
                something.JENNYGo inside, Dad.

      Jenny and David watch Jack and Marjorie go into the house.
      The moment the door is closed, Jenny walks towards David.
      She's holding a bunch of letters that she took out of the
      glove compartment. She starts to throw them at him, one by
      one.JENNYMr and Mrs David Goldman, Mr and                        
                Mrs David Goldman, Mr and Mrs                           
                David Goldman, Mr and Mrs David                         
                Goldman..                                               

      When she has thrown the last one, she flies at David - she
      slaps him, punches him, scratches him. David tries to grab
      her hands, but she's too wild.DAVIDJust let me...JENNYYou're MARRIED!DAVIDLegally, yes, but...

      Finally he manages to subdue her. She leans against the
      car, distraught.JENNYWhen were you going to tell me?102.DAVIDSoon. It just - it never seemed
          the right time. You seemed so
          happy, and I was happy, and...It
          would have spoiled everything.
          What can I do, Minnie? What can I
          do? How can...JENNY"Oh,   Jenny. I'm just too busy to
          find   somewhere to live...I live
          with   my mummy." You were living
          with   your wife! All this time!DAVIDJenny...JENNYWhat's your address?

David gestures vaguely.JENNYWhere?DAVIDByron Avenue.JENNYByron Avenue! It's no wonder we
          kept bumping into each other,
          then, is it? What number?DAVIDThere's no point..JENNY(screaming)WHAT NUMBER?DAVIDSeventeen.

Jenny picks one of the envelopes up off the ground and
looks at it.JENNY(bitterly sarcastic)
          Good grief. It's the truth.DAVIDPlease. You have to understand. I
          was with you just about all the
          spare time I had.103.JENNYSpare time? Spare time? I can't
          tell you how grateful I am.DAVIDDon't be like this.JENNYI have nothing. I left school. I
          didn't take my exams. Where's it
          all gone, now? I gave my life
          away.DAVIDJenny, I can get a divorce.
          Everything will turn out for   the
          best. You'll see.

We can see Jack and Marjorie peering through the lace
curtains anxiously.JENNYGo and tell them. Go and tell
          them, then go and tell your wife.
          I want to see you. I want to
          stand there and watch.

David stands on the pavement, looking towards the house. He
looks away; he can't make eye contact with Jenny's parents.DAVIDThey're not going to listen to me
          now. Let me come round tomorrow.
          When everyone's calmed down a
          bit.JENNY(suddenly desperate)
          Please don't leave me to tell
          them on my own. Please. You owe
          me that much. You owe them that
          much.DAVID(sadly)
          I owe them a lot more than that.
          I owe them everything. They gave
          me you.

He opens the boot. It's full of cases of whiskey. Jenny
doesn't even bother asking what they are doing there. David
takes one of the bottles, opens it, takes a long slug.JENNYTwo minutes. And then I'll come
          out and drag you in.104.Jenny marches into the house and slams the door. The camera
      stays on David. He gets back into the car and takes
      another slug of whiskey. Then his shoulders begin to
      shake, and he cries and cries.101   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. NIGHT                                   101Jenny comes in, leaving the door open for David. Her
      parents are standing in the sitting room, looking at her
      anxiously. Their coats are still on, and they haven't put
      the lights on yet.JACKWhat's going on?JENNYHe's helping himself to some
                Dutch courage before facing you.
                Stolen Dutch courage, from the
                look of it. He has something to
                tell you.

      She stands, pale and young-looking again, opposite her
      parents. Suddenly they are all three lit up by headlights.
      Shot from their POV of the Bristol roaring off up the
      street.JACKHe just drove off.

      We close slowly in on Jenny's face. But of course he'd
      drive off!JACK(pathetic)
                Can you tell us? Please? Jenny?

      Jenny can't deal with her own pain, let alone his. He
      already looks like a broken, foolish old man. They should
      hug. But they don't.102   EXT. STREET/DAVID'S HOUSE. DAY                              102A suburban street, full of semi-detached houses, not far
      from Jenny's house. Jenny walks down the road tentatively -
      she's looking at the numbers on the houses. She looks young
      again - tired, no make-up, no elegant clothes. She can't
      bring herself to wear anything that David bought her.

      She hesitates at the top of the driveway to the house,
      steels herself to walk down. But just at that moment the
      door opens; there's a homely-looking woman, early 30s. She
      is holding the hand of a three-year-old. Jenny is stunned.
      But there's more to come.105.The woman deposits the child in the drive, goes back into
the house, comes out behind an enormous 1950s pram. David
has found time to father another baby.WIFEOh. Hello.JENNY(almost inaudible)
          Hello. I'm sorry. I think I must
          have the wrong house.

The woman stares at her.JENNYYes. I wanted number...It's my
          cello lesson. Silly. I...

She dries up and looks at the woman helplessly.WIFEOh, no. Don't tell me. Good God.
          You're a child.

Jenny blushes. Beat. She turns and tries to walk back up
the driveway, but the woman won't let her go.WIFENo. No. You stay here. If you're
          old enough to sleep with him,
          you're old enough to look at me.JENNYI can't.

But she doesn't move, either.WIFEYou didn't know about any of
          this. Presumably.

Jenny shakes her head.WIFENo. They never do. Did he ask you
          to marry him?

Jenny nods.WIFEYes. Of course he did. You're not
          in the family way, are you?
          Because that's happened before.

Jenny shakes her head.106.WIFEThank God for that. At least you
                can escape intact. (Beat)
                Relatively speaking. Not all of
                them have done.

      She nods at the children.WIFEThat's why he never goes through
                with anything. He does love them.JENNY(looking into the pram)
                She's beautiful.WIFEThank you. He. (Bitterly) He's
                four months old.

      Jenny does the maths. It's all she can do to stop herself
      from reeling backwards - she's visibly shaken.JENNYFour months!WIFEYes. Babies often are that sort
                of age. Perhaps you can remember
                a night four months ago when he
                seemed a little distracted.
                Anyway. If you'll excuse us.

      She pushes past Jenny and leaves her standing bereft on the
      path.103   INT. JENNY'S HOUSE. DAY                                     103Marjorie and Jack are in the kitchen. Marjorie is sipping
      tea, shoulders hunched, defeated. Jack is pacing around the
      room, furious. Normal life has clearly been suspended
      during this crisis. Jenny walks in.MARJORIEDid you see her?JENNYI saw her. I didn't talk to her.
                There wasn't any need.JACKWell we've got to have this out.
                If you won't do it, I will.

      He starts for the door.107.JENNY(contemptuously)
                Sit down.JACKI beg your pardon? I'm still your
                father, Jenny.JENNYOh, you're my father again, are
                you? What were you when you
                encouraged me to throw my life
                away? I'm a silly schoolgirl.
                Was, anyway. Silly schoolgirls
                are always being seduced by
                glamorous older men. But what
                about you two?JACKWe didn't...

      He gives up hopelessly. Marjorie says nothing.JENNYAnd now I've got nothing.
                I'm...I'm broken.

      Jack looks at her.JACKThat doesn't mean....what I think
                it means, does it? It can't.JENNYWhat are you talking about?JACKJust tell me that you
                didn't...you haven't, you
                know...You didn't....                                   

      Jenny looks at him in disbelief.MARJORIE(to Jack)
                I wondered how stupid you were.
                Now I know.104   INT. UPPER HALLWAY. NIGHT                                  104Jack stands outside Jenny's bedroom door with a cup of tea.
      He knocks tentatively.108.105   INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT                                           105Close-up of the floaty print dress that Helen gave her. The
      dress is suddenly jerked out of shot, and we pull back to
      reveal a weeping Jenny stuffing it violently into an
      already full box of things she is throwing out. The
      contents represent her now-despised, David-created adult
      self. We can see Juliette Greco albums, photos, expensive-
      looking jewelry boxes. She continues to stuff things into
      the box. There's a knock on the door.JACK (O.S.)Jenny.

      She continue to put her David-life away into bags. She
      ignores him.106   INT. UPPER HALLWAY. NIGHT                                     106Jack is almost in tears.JACKThere's a cup of tea for you
                here.

      No answer. He puts the tea on the floor, and sits down next
      to it.JACKI know I made a mess of
                everything.

      He waits for an answer - nothing.JACKAll my life I've been scared, and
                I didn't want you to be scared.
                That's why I wanted you to go to
                Oxford. So that if someone asked
                you out to a nice restaurant, you
                wouldn't panic about what was a
                starter and what was a main
                course. And then David came
                along, and he had money, and he
                knew famous writers, and he knew
                how to get to classical music                              
                concerts. But he wasn't who he                             
                said he was. He wasn't who you
                said he was, either.107   INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT                                           107Jenny is about to rip a poster off the wall, but she
      pauses.109.108    INT. UPPER HALLWAY. NIGHT                                  108JACKThe other day, your mother and I
                 were listening to a programme
                 about CS Lewis on the radio, and
                 they said he moved to Cambridge
                 in 1954. And I said to Marjorie,
                 Well, they've got that wrong,
                 because how would our Jenny get
                 her book signed, if he wasn't in
                 Oxford?109    INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT                                        109Jenny's face crumples. She knows he's right.JACK (O.S.)Jenny, I'm sorry.109A   INT. DANNY'S FLAT. DAY                                  109AJenny is sitting on the sofa in Danny's flat. Danny and           
       Helen are in dressing gowns; there are newspapers strewn          
       around. Danny pours her a brandy. Helen is sitting next to        
       her, holding her hand.HELENI don't really understand what                          
                 difference it makes. When I found                       
                 out that...DANNYHelen! Not now.                                         

       Helen shrugs.DANNYI tried to tell him. I'm not                            
                 speaking to him now, if that's                          
                 any consolation.JENNY(bitterly)                                          
                 It's a funny world you people                           
                 live in. You both watched me...                         
                 carrying on with a married man,                         
                 but you don't think it's worth                          
                 saying anything.110.DANNYAh, well if you want that sort of                       
                conversation...You watched David                        
                and I help ourselves to a map,                          
                and you didn't say much, either.                        

      He holds Jenny's gaze. She looks away.110   INT. HEADMISTRESS'S OFFICE. DAY                            110Jenny has put on her school uniform for this meeting; it
      completes a circle. She's back where she started from, or
      would like to be, anyway. If she seems older than she did
      when we first met her, it's because things have happened to
      her, and they've left a mark on her face. She's worried and
      tired. The headmistress, meanwhile, is delighted by her
      return - but only because of the opportunities for smugness
      and schadenfreude it provides.HEADMISTRESSSo. Your Jewish friend turned out
                to be married already, I
                understand. How unfortunate.

      Jenny doesn't say anything. She has clearly decided to
      swallow anything she has to.HEADMISTRESSAnyway. How do you think we can
                help?JENNYI'd like to repeat my last year
                at school. Start all over again.HEADMISTRESSI got the impression the last
                time we spoke that you didn't see
                the point of school. Or of me, or
                of any of us here.JENNYI know. I was stupid.HEADMISTRESSSo what is the point?JENNYI know that I need to go to
                university.HEADMISTRESSAnd what happens if some other
                chap wants to marry you during
                your studies next year?111.JENNY(laughing bitterly)
                Some other chap? There won't be
                any other chaps. Not for a long,
                long time, anyway.HEADMISTRESSI'm afraid I think you're the
                sort of young lady who attracts
                chaps whether she wants to or
                not. No,I think the offer of a
                place at this school would be
                wasted on you. You showed how
                little you valued us only weeks
                ago. And I must confess that it
                gives me a sort of grim
                satisfaction to return the
                sentiment now.JENNY(bitterly)
                Is it really so grim, your
                satisfaction?HEADMISTRESSIt gives me no pleasure to see
                our schoolgirls throw their lives
                away. Although, of course, you're
                not one of our schoolgirls any
                more. Through your own volition.JENNYI suppose you think I'm a ruined
                woman.HEADMISTRESSOh, you're not a woman.

      Beat. Jenny stands up and leaves without saying a word. The
      headmistress is pleased with her final line.111   INT. BEDROOM. NIGHT                                        111Jenny working hard in her room. It's been completely
      stripped bare of everything except schoolbooks. She has
      become ageless, genderless - her life is now monastic.112   EXT. PARK. DAY                                             112Jenny walking alone through her old park.112.113   INT. COFFEE BAR. DAY                                       113Jenny on her own, smoking nervously. Hattie and Tina come
      in. They obviously haven't seen her since it all happened.
      They both hug her sympathetically and sit down. Nobody
      knows what to say.TINAI'm sure my uncle knows someone
                who could kill him. If that would
                help.

      Jenny smiles wanly, and briefly.HATTIEWe should have stopped you.JENNYDid you want to?TINAOf course we didn't. Why would we
                stop you? Restaurants, hotels,
                foreign cities, no exams...JENNY(Bitterly)
                Yes. Who'd have thought there'd
                be a down side to all that? I
                could tell you all about the
                imagery in Jane Eyre. But I
                couldn't see that a man who stole
                maps from old ladies might be a
                liar.

      They look at her. This is new information.HATTIEWell, if you'd told us that we
                might have tried to stop you.JENNYThere are a lot of things I
                didn't tell you. I was dreaming.TINAThat's the thing about our lives,
                isn't it? It's so easy to fall
                asleep, when there's nothing to
                keep you awake.

      Beat.HATTIEAre you getting on with the work
                all right on your own?113.Jenny thinks.JENNY(heartfelt)
                No. No, I'm not.114   EXT. STREET MISS STUBBS FLAT. DUSK.                         114Jenny in a suburban street. She's looking for an address.
      She finds the house, walks down the path, rings on a bell.
      Miss Stubbs comes to the door.MISS STUBBSJenny!

      It's a warm greeting. She ushers her inside.115   INT. MISS STUBBS' FLAT. DUSK.                               115It's a proper Bohemian flat, up in the eaves. There are
      books and papers and paintings covering every available
      surface. Jenny looks around. Finally, for the first time,
      we see her in somewhere she can feel at home.JENNYThis is lovely.

      Miss Stubbs makes a face.JENNYBut it is. Really. I'd love to
                live somewhere like this.

      Miss Stubbs laughs.MISS STUBBSOh, it's not hard. Go to Oxford
                and become a teacher and this is
                what you end up with.JENNYBut all these books and
                pictures....MISS STUBBSPenguin paperbacks. Posters and
                postcards.JENNY(apparently
                     understanding
                     something)
                Yes, but...That's all you need,
                isn't it?114.Just a place to...I'm sorry I
                said those silly things. I didn't
                understand.MISS STUBBSLet's forget all about it.

      A poster catches Jenny's eye.JENNYA Burne-Jones.

      Miss Stubbs laughs.JENNYWhat?MISS STUBBSYou make it sound as though it's
                an original. Do you like him?

      Jenny pauses.JENNYYes. I do. Still.MISS STUBBSStill? Gosh, you sound very old
                and wise.JENNY(heartfelt)
                I feel old. But really not very
                wise. Miss Stubbs, I'm....I need
                your help.MISS STUBBSI was so hoping that's what you
                were going to say.116   EXT. STREET IN OXFORD. DAY                                 116Eighteen months later. Swelling orchestral music. Close on        
      Jenny cycling, absorbed, happy, the cello strapped to her
      precariously. The camera pulls back to show her cycling
      through the streets of Oxford. She's done it. We follow her
      for a little while. She dismounts outside a church and
      leans the bike against a wall. Just as she's about to leave
      it, she sees something and freezes. We follow her gaze:
      it's the red Bristol, parked a little way down the road
      just in front of her. She scans the street to see if she
      can find David. She can - he's coming round a corner, a           
      littler further down the street, unwrapping a packet of           
      cigarettes. Jenny moves into his eye-line. He sees her,           
      stops, then walks towards her.115.DAVIDJenny.

Jenny says nothing.DAVIDJenny. Minnie. I wanted to tell
          you that I am going to ask my
          wife for a divorce.

Jenny looks at him disbelievingly.JENNYDon't you understand what you've
          done?

David looks at her. This isn't going to be as easy as he
thought.DAVIDI can see my behaviour must have
          been... confusing. But we've
          never sat down and had a proper
          chat about it all. About the whys
          and wherefores. They can wait.
          The important thing is that
          you're still my Minnie Mouse, and
          I love you, and you had fun. You
          know you had fun.JENNYYes. I had fun. But I had fun
          with the wrong person, at all the                    
          wrong times. And I can't ever get
          those times back, now.(Beat)                         
          Look, David. I'm in Oxford. Every                    
          day I wake up and pinch myself.
          And when I think how close I                         
          came...                                              

She looks at him and shakes her head, as if awaking from a
dream. A young man stops behind her on his bike, dismounts,
leans his bike against the wall next to hers, waits for her
to finish. She turns her back on David, and the young man
offers her his arm. They walk away together, and David
stares longingly after them.THE END